i was raised in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
it took her a week to find them all again and find out that they had all survived .
and of course , everything in africa grew beautifully .
so i set it up in my home two years ago , and since then , we have never experienced any problem with lions .
i &apos;m always the one taking the picture .
and it hit me : one of the most important things we all make are memories .
but now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not at a million , or a billion , but one trillion frames per second .
otherwise they don &apos;t come and talk to you .
i had no idea what life was going to be like as a north korean refugee , but i soon learned it &apos;s not only extremely difficult , it &apos;s also very dangerous , since north korean refugees are considered in china as illegal migrants .
tell us why your science is relevant to us .
UNK  by  UNK  and exhaustion , they work silently , doing this task over and over for 16 or 17 hours a day .
as you can see , there &apos;s a bubble of air , and it &apos;s bouncing around inside .
we make skinny models  UNK  , perfect skin more perfect , and the impossible possible , and we get criticized in the press all the time , but some of us are actually talented artists with years of experience and a real appreciation for images and photography .
we can also act as a bridge between the people inside north korea and the outside world , because many of us stay in contact with family members still inside , and we send information and money that is helping to change north korea from inside .
a hundred and fifty years ago , an agricultural slave cost about three times the annual salary of an american worker .
the lights flash and trick the lions into thinking i was walking around the  UNK  , but i was sleeping in my bed .
we can see that they travel different countries , so if you focus on a problem locally , it &apos;s not going to help you .
now , like doc  UNK  , a scientist himself , science became art , an art of  UNK  photography , and i realized that all the gigabytes of data that we &apos;re collecting every time is not just for scientific imaging , but we can also do a new form of computational photography with time-lapse and  UNK  , and we look at those ripples . remember , the time between each of those ripples is only a few  UNK  of a second .
and we were amazed that the local people , in such a fertile valley , would not have any agriculture .
gardening is the most therapeutic and  UNK  act you can do , especially in the inner city .
entrepreneurs never come , and they never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
and a second idea i got was to use a  UNK  .
back to my question : why did i stay ?
to solve this problem , we thought of  UNK  materials .
they didn &apos;t know .
you just couldn &apos;t imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
and also , the senate &apos;s other worry , the appearance of singularity -- well , it was a singularity back then .
we tend to stereotype victims as  UNK  headlines , self-destructive women , damaged goods .
the speech actually becomes quieter and more  UNK  after a while , and that &apos;s one of the example symptoms of it .
i didn &apos;t know he was abusing me .
kofi was rescued from a fishing village .
and of course the local people had absolutely no interest in doing that , so we paid them to come and work , and sometimes they would show up .
get gangsta with your shovel , okay ?
i made this last year , and started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall with their community , so my civic center colleagues and i made a tool kit , and now walls have been made in countries around the world , including kazakhstan , south africa , australia , argentina and beyond .
but  UNK  , with parkinson &apos;s disease and other movement disorders , there are no biomarkers , so there &apos;s no simple blood test that you can do , and the best that we have is like this 20-minute neurologist test .
i got a chance to come by plane for my first time for ted .
for the last 28 years , i &apos;ve been documenting indigenous cultures in more than 70 countries on six continents , and in 2009 i had the great honor of being the sole  UNK  at the vancouver peace summit .
and we said to the  UNK  , &quot; my god , the  UNK  ! &quot;
hopefully less awkward than that one in the middle .
it &apos;s about making space for reflection and contemplation , and remembering what really matters most to us as we grow and change .
mps do not help to prevent the spread of diseases .
so there &apos;s two types of  UNK  in this planet .
and i &apos;m going to answer the questions that people always ask me , but with an honest twist .
i shut up , and listen to them . &quot;
i was able to leave , because of one final , sadistic beating that broke through my denial .
but today , more than three million girls are in school in afghanistan .
i feel like every time someone  UNK  , new orleans has a parade .
there was a group of experts who were invited to discuss the future of the city of new york in  UNK  .
because mps do not keep the environment clean .
how can you help ? you can become active , make noise . you can write a letter to your government and tell them that we need to focus on these very misunderstood creatures . volunteer your time to spread the word . spread the word .
instead ,  UNK  came home one friday evening and he told me that he had quit his job that day , his dream job , and he said that he had quit his job because of me , because i had made him feel so safe and loved that he didn &apos;t need to prove himself on wall street anymore , and he just wanted to get out of the city and away from his abusive , dysfunctional family , and move to a tiny town in new england where he could start his life over with me by his side .
across the globe , throughout the ages , our basic needs are just the same , aren &apos;t they ? &quot;
this person has never been born .
but what lifted my heart and strengthened my soul was that even though this was the case , although they were not seen as ordinary , this could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
i even took my friends back to my community , and we &apos;re installing the lights to the homes which don &apos;t have &#91; any &#93; , and i &apos;m teaching them how to put them .
the first principle of aid is respect .
and if you ever are wondering , &quot; if i have thinner thighs and  UNK  hair , will i be happier ? &quot;
but when i am back in afghanistan , when i see the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them , who encourage them , i see a promising future and lasting change .
we &apos;re pale , gray creatures .
something to do with the slightly over 5,000 nuclear warheads he has at his disposal and the largest economy in the world and a fleet of drones and all that sort of stuff .
you &apos;re working on other electrical inventions .
politicians try to pick words and use words to shape reality and control reality , but in fact , reality changes words far more than words can ever change reality .
instead , i stand here a proud graduate of  UNK  college .
death is something that we &apos;re often discouraged to talk about or even think about , but i &apos;ve realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do .
on the left , you see our  UNK  .
this wasn &apos;t a  UNK  , per se .
after we finished talking , i felt so horrible and honestly ashamed at my own lack of knowledge of this atrocity in my own lifetime , and i thought , if i don &apos;t know , how many other people don &apos;t know ?
show abuse the light of day by talking about it with your children , your coworkers , your friends and family .
he didn &apos;t want to play like the other babies did , and in fact , he didn &apos;t seem very interested in me whatsoever .
so a microwave is a similar system .
i &apos;m still breaking the silence today .
that means they can be  UNK  .
astonishingly , slavery generates profits of more than $ 13 billion worldwide each year .
i see young people and they want to work , but they &apos;re in this thing where they &apos;re caught up -- i see kids of color and they &apos;re just on this track that &apos;s designed for them , that leads them to nowhere .
thank you .
i was trying to trick the lions &#91; into thinking &#93; that i was standing near the  UNK  .
this is one of the cows which was killed at night , and i just woke up in the morning and i found it dead , and i felt so bad , because it was the only bull we had .
they &apos;re our natural garbage collectors .
and i refuse to be a part of this manufactured reality that was manufactured for me by some other people , and i &apos;m manufacturing my own reality .
my secret was that i had this gun loaded with  UNK  bullets pointed at my head by the man who i thought was my  UNK  , many , many times .
he looked at me  UNK  , but luckily he believed me .
i didn &apos;t know what to expect from this experiment , but by the next day , the wall was entirely filled out , and it kept growing .
i told everyone : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , total strangers , and i &apos;m here today because you all helped me .
because of this invention , i was lucky to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in kenya ,  UNK  international school , and i &apos;m really excited about this .
so , the pulse enters the bottle , our bullet , with a packet of photons that start traveling through and that start scattering inside .
he kept one in the glove compartment of our car .
sometimes you can create potholes with that .
so the last question people ask me is , &quot; what is it like to be a model ? &quot;
but now , do you know how many nations have a president ?
&quot; before i die , i want to plant a tree . &quot;
under the taliban , girls who went to school numbered in the hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
see , i &apos;m an artist .
and that &apos;s the important lesson i think you can take away , and the one i want to leave you with .
we started dating , and he loved everything about me , that i was smart , that i &apos;d gone to harvard , that i was passionate about helping teenage girls , and my job .
one of them was this grandmother .
and if i could communicate just one thing to  UNK  and to sam and to you , it would be that you don &apos;t have to be normal .
recognize the early signs of violence and  UNK  intervene ,  UNK  it , show victims a safe way out .
samuel is 16 . he &apos;s tall . he &apos;s very handsome .
the time it took , however , to get it back is a completely different story , and it depended obviously on the damage involved .
we had these magnificent tomatoes . in italy , a tomato would grow to this size . in zambia , to this size .
her two little boys , not so little anymore , but her two boys were both at school , separate schools .
it was more like a restaurant .
the big sheets of slate were heavier than the children carrying them , and the kids hoisted them from their heads using these handmade harnesses of sticks and rope and torn cloth .
there &apos;s a  UNK  hidden behind a wall , and we &apos;re going to bounce light off the door .
over five hundred volunteers around the globe helped us get 90 families hundreds of photographs back , fully restored and  UNK  .
so what is the problem with  UNK  ?
the passion that the person has for her own growth is the most important thing .
why is that ? because the tomato is actually ripe , and the light is bouncing around inside the tomato , and it comes out after several  UNK  of a second .
that was , i don &apos;t know what happened there .
&quot; before i die , i want to be completely myself . &quot;
so i want to share the idea of taking an active role in consciously creating memories .
when i was researching this talk , i found out that of the 13-year-old girls in the united states , 53 percent don &apos;t like their bodies , and that number goes to 78 percent by the time that they &apos;re 17 .
then if you drive over the road , you take out the aggregates -- what we just saw here .
the  UNK  are the warriors who protect our community and the livestock , and they &apos;re also upset about this problem .
the book was published in 2009 .
kofi is the embodiment of possibility .
if anything seemed unnatural , i could be imprisoned and  UNK  .
today &apos;s slavery is about commerce , so the goods that enslaved people produce have value , but the people producing them are disposable .
a hundred and forty-seven .
and the indicator box makes the lights flash .
i was mistaken in thinking that i was unique and alone in this situation .
now , the last thing i wanted to do was leave new york , and my dream job , but i thought you made sacrifices for your  UNK  , so i agreed , and i quit my job , and  UNK  and i left manhattan together .
i  UNK  a kind and gentle man , and we have those three kids .
i don &apos;t look like a typical domestic violence survivor .
&quot; before i die , i want to be someone &apos;s cavalry . &quot;
but they can damage your windshield , so you &apos;re not happy with that .
i grew up in cambridge , and one time i went into a store and i forgot my money and they gave me the dress for free .
a large majority of which did actually find their home again , importantly .
so i figured that the problem is the solution .
we need to work with governments in regional levels .
now , sadly , neurological disorders such as parkinson &apos;s disease gradually destroy this extraordinary ability , as it is doing to my friend jan  UNK  , who was a virtuoso ballet dancer in his time .
read it from an african woman , the damage that we have done .
they mix dye in these big barrels , and they submerge the silk into the liquid up to their  UNK  , but the dye is toxic .
and now what she &apos;s looking at in new york are colleges , because she &apos;s determined to go to school in new york .
even still , he has a dream that he will become free and become educated with the help of local activists like free the slaves , and it &apos;s this sort of determination , in the face of unimaginable odds , that fills me with complete awe .
if that person doesn &apos;t want to do it , what are you going to do ?
areas like her husband and her face , which otherwise would have been completely impossible to fix , we could just put them together in one good photo , and remake the whole photo .
and , you know , it could have worked .
it happened twice more on the  UNK  .
each cubicle is dark and  UNK  , identified with a painted number on the wall , and  UNK  by plywood and a curtain .
i used to hate lions , but now because my invention is saving my father &apos;s cows and the lions , we are able to stay with the lions without any conflict .
but when none of this is presented to them , if they &apos;re not shown how food affects the mind and the body , they blindly eat whatever the hell you put in front of them .
it also has disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that  UNK  can occur .
my soul is always  UNK  by the giant live oak trees , shading lovers ,  UNK  and  UNK  for hundreds of years , and i trust a city that always makes way for music .
we say , &quot; it &apos;s really amazing to travel , and it &apos;s amazing to get to work with creative , inspired , passionate people . &quot;
thank you .
it doesn &apos;t exist .
but those guns were really a message for me , and even though he hadn &apos;t raised a hand to me , my life was already in grave danger every minute of every day .
i was a doing a ph.d. at the time , trying to go away from this patronizing bullshit that we arrive and tell you what to do .
but the third thing you can learn , and this is the really important one , this is the point i want to leave you on , is that the title , president of the united states of america , doesn &apos;t sound that humble at all these days , does it ?
together , we &apos;ve shown how powerful our public spaces can be if we &apos;re given the opportunity to have a voice and share more with one another .
in south asia , in countries like india and pakistan , four species of  UNK  are listed as critically endangered , which means they have less than 10 or 15 years to go extinct , and the reason is because they are falling prey by consuming livestock that has been treated with a  UNK  drug like  UNK  .
&quot; i &apos;m not helping you , &quot; he said .
the idea is that we could shine some light on the door .
soon after , an organization i volunteer with , all hands volunteers , were on the ground , within days , working as part of the response efforts .
we see all the same symptoms .
so if the photographer is right there and the light is right there , like a nice  UNK  , and the client says , &quot; cameron , we want a walking shot , &quot; well then this leg goes first , nice and long , this arm goes back , this arm goes forward , the head is at three quarters , and you just go back and forth , just do that , and then you look back at your imaginary friends , 300 , 400 , 500 times .
&quot; kill me now , if you wish , &quot; he said , &quot; but i will not ruin my daughter &apos;s future because of your old and backward ideas . &quot;
the workers here often endure tragic sexual abuse at the hands of their customers .
so these  UNK  tests , how do they stack up against expert clinical tests ? we &apos;ll , they &apos;re both non-invasive .
actually , it still has to cool down first before i can show you that the healing works .
don &apos;t just tell me that you study  UNK  , but tell me that you study  UNK  , which is the  UNK  structure of our bones because it &apos;s important to understanding and treating osteoporosis .
so then you have asphalt with very small pieces of steel wool in it .
like me , they are dreaming big .
i grew up there . i raised my sons there .
why in the hell would they not okay this ?
sex trafficking is what we often think of when we hear the word slavery , and because of this worldwide awareness , i was warned that it would be difficult for me to work safely within this particular industry .
&quot; we hope still , though , that we could leave this house someday and go someplace else where we actually get paid for our  UNK  . &quot;
&quot; before i die , i want to live off the grid . &quot;
and everyone was doing the same .
so luckily i brought an outfit change .
now there are a lot of wonderful things that you could make art about in afghanistan , but personally i don &apos;t want to paint rainbows ; i want to make art that  UNK  identity and challenges authority and exposes hypocrisy and  UNK  reality and even uses kind of an imaginative  UNK  to try and understand the world that we live in .
so for the next five years , i dressed as a boy to escort my older sister , who was no longer allowed to be outside alone , to a secret school .
and they let me go . it was a miracle .
i was so surprised that a total stranger cared enough to ask .
you just need to meet a group of models , because they have the  UNK  thighs and the  UNK  hair and the coolest clothes , and they &apos;re the most physically insecure women probably on the planet .
the idea of finding a different technology had absolutely taken over , and there were tiny , tiny little factories in  UNK  .
i wasn &apos;t a citizen of that country .
there is not a day that goes by that i don &apos;t think of these many beautiful ,  UNK  people i &apos;ve had the tremendous honor of meeting .
i &apos;m just one woman with a story to tell .
how can we affect something so insidious , yet so pervasive ?
we always wondered what they knew about us .
so i &apos;m like , man , it made me feel bad that they were there , and i told them , you know , you don &apos;t have to do this like this .
as for me , i &apos;d have to wait until i got home to really feel my heartbreak .
this is what i looked like with my grandma just a few months earlier .
my father was listening to bbc news on his small , gray radio .
but my educated mother became a teacher .
it &apos;s a porous asphalt , like i said , so you have only a small amount of binder between the stones .
today i am 22 .
and he was thrown into the tower of london and imprisoned , but he was brave enough , he was brave enough to take them on , and in the end he had such popular support in london that he won .
i find that americans see the fragility in changes .
UNK  , michigan . henry ford .
they are hardly monogamous .
all of them are victim to injury , illness and violence .
i was helping clean the  UNK  , the communal  UNK  , the huge giant  UNK  .
so green grounds has gone on to plant maybe 20 gardens .
have you ever wondered why they &apos;re called bullet points ?
i want to look into corruption in afghanistan through a work called &quot; payback &quot; and  UNK  a police officer , set up a fake  UNK  on the street of kabul and stop cars , but instead of asking them for a bribe , offering them money and apologizing on behalf of the kabul police department -- and hoping that they &apos;ll accept this 100  UNK  on our behalf .
unfortunately after you &apos;ve gone to school , and you have a résumé and you &apos;ve done a few jobs , you can &apos;t say anything anymore , so if you say you want to be the president of the united states , but your résumé reads , &quot; underwear model : 10 years , &quot; people give you a funny look .
so we arrived there with italian seeds in southern zambia in this absolutely magnificent valley going down to the  UNK  river , and we taught the local people how to grow italian tomatoes and  UNK  and ...
as you can see , the bulbs face outside , because that &apos;s where the lions come from .
so we can create the community where we have facilitators who come from a small business background sitting in cafes , in bars , and your dedicated buddies who will do to you , what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , somebody who will say to you , &quot; what do you need ?
it &apos;s going to bounce , go inside the room , some of that is going to reflect back on the door , and then back to the camera , and we could exploit these multiple bounces of light .
is code for some people for , &quot; it &apos;s her fault for staying , &quot; as if victims intentionally choose to fall in love with men intent upon destroying us .
first of all -- and this is my favorite -- is that so far as i &apos;ve ever been able to find out , the senate has never formally  UNK  the title of president .
and i feel like there &apos;s an uncomfortable tension in the room right now because i should not have worn this dress .
you never arrive in a community with any ideas , and you sit with the local people .
but i only thought that i would be separated from my family for a short time .
now , there &apos;s a lot going on in this movie , so let me break this down and show you what &apos;s going on .
i was just three years old when my brother came along , and i was so excited that i had a new being in my life .
you can be extraordinary .
my community , the maasai , we believe that we came from heaven with all our animals and all the land for herding them , and that &apos;s why we value them so much .
and as he grew older , he grew more different , and the differences became more obvious .
she had started  UNK  them herself and stopped when she realized she was doing more damage .
local , passionate people . that &apos;s who you have applauded .
but there &apos;s also something funny going on here .
you should see the rubbish — -- you should see the rubbish that we have  UNK  on unsuspecting african people .
so the city planners , they get together and they figure they &apos;re going to change the name south central to make it represent something else , so they change it to south los angeles , like this is going to fix what &apos;s really going wrong in the city .
over 70 percent of domestic violence murders happen after the victim has ended the relationship , after she &apos;s gotten out , because then the  UNK  has nothing left to lose .
one in particular , a photo of women of all ages , from grandmother to little girl , gathered around a baby , struck a chord , because a similar photo from my family , my grandmother and mother , myself , and newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
cabin restaurants , as they &apos;re known in the trade , are venues for forced prostitution .
guess what ?
it manifests in each individual differently , hence why  UNK  is so different from sam .
recently , the new york times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 american children are sold into sex slavery every year .
in hindu mythology ,  UNK  was the  UNK  god , and he risked his life in order to save the goddess  UNK  from the  UNK  demon  UNK  .
and the first answer is , &quot; i don &apos;t know , they don &apos;t put me in charge of that . &quot;
induction can heat , especially steel ; it &apos;s very good at that .
this very focused time we get to spend together is something we cherish and anticipate the entire year .
i could have never imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
i &apos;m here today to talk about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
yeah . yeah . so what will happen is that , during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease or not , you see . right .
one was that he , too , had just graduated from an ivy league school , and that he worked at a very impressive wall street bank .
well , hopefully not as awkward as that picture .
we &apos;re trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
UNK  is 22 , tall and very handsome .
but lions are very clever .
just go and read her book .
the kind stranger symbolized new hope for me and the north korean people when we needed it most , and he showed me the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are truly the rays of hope we north korean people need .
this should be the first principle of aid .
it will be entrepreneurs , and they &apos;re doing it now .
how can we share more of our memories of our abandoned buildings , and gain a better understanding of our landscape ?
so  UNK  , they are seeing this dirty technology that is going to choke the life out of new york .
i had only one way out : the stairs from where i &apos;d come in .
what we do , we &apos;re a  UNK  kind of group , where it &apos;s composed of gardeners from all walks of life , from all over the city , and it &apos;s completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; come on , really ?
he shares it  UNK  and he shares it regardless .
they &apos;re also ways for us to freeze time for one week in october and reflect on our times and how we change from year to year , and not just physically , but in every way .
this is south los angeles .
and i am on this stage because i am a model .
why ? because they looked at the curve and said , if the population keeps growing at this rate , to move the population of new york around , they would have needed six million horses , and the manure created by six million horses would be impossible to deal with .
i want to challenge that . do you know why ?
we western people are  UNK  ,  UNK  missionaries , and there are only two ways we deal with people : we either  UNK  them , or we are  UNK  .
okay , can you sell it ? can you look after the money ? &quot;
and this was debated in congress for ages and ages .
i got tired of seeing this happening .
and what  UNK  means is &quot; a dishonest politician . &quot;
the technologies do not exist to do that .
abuse thrives only in silence .
i started studying for the university entrance exam .
the project &apos;s also made a big difference in the lives of the  UNK  .
you can clearly communicate your science without compromising the ideas .
thank you .
we have eight species of  UNK  that occur in kenya , of which six are highly threatened with extinction .
like the others , i wear a flickering , cheap flashlight tied to my head with this elastic ,  UNK  band , and i can barely make out the slick tree limbs holding up the walls of the  UNK  square hole dropping hundreds of feet into the earth .
as they had run from the wave , and for their lives , absolutely everything they had , everything had to be left behind .
thank you so much . thank you .
i visited villages in india where entire families were enslaved in the silk trade .
this happened to also be a place in the town where the evacuation center was collecting the photos .
that &apos;s why i cofounded  UNK  , the first and perhaps only boarding school for girls in afghanistan , a country where it &apos;s still risky for girls to go to school .
my family was not poor , and myself , i had never experienced hunger .
we cleared tons and tons of stinking , rotting fish carcasses from the local fish processing plant .
so , taking the first steps towards this today , we &apos;re launching the parkinson &apos;s voice initiative .
the older ladies sometimes hadn &apos;t seen a scanner before , but within 10 minutes of them finding their lost photo , they could give it to us , have it scanned , uploaded to a cloud server , it would be downloaded by a  UNK  , a stranger , somewhere on the other side of the globe , and it &apos;d start being fixed .
so over the past few years , i &apos;ve tried ways to share more with my neighbors in public space , using simple tools like stickers , stencils and chalk .
the man who i loved more than anybody on earth held a gun to my head and threatened to kill me more times than i can even remember .
they have been associated in ancient egyptian culture .
what is  UNK  ? you see that in this road that the stones at the surface come off .
when she collected the photos from us , she shared a bit of her story with us .
because the final step in the domestic violence pattern is kill her .
and then somebody complained .
we &apos;re working with local communities .
and i figured , this has to stop .
thank you .
thanks , tom .
he told us to follow him down a dirt road into the jungle .
we were scared , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
for some of them , it &apos;s given them a connection to something bigger , giving something back , using their talents on something other than skinny models and perfect skin .
but the one thing that will always remain with you is what is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your school fees , we will .
i worked for an italian ngo , and every single project that we set up in africa failed .
and that title was &quot; president . &quot;
but i will do a trial .
it was cool , and they just shared the stories about how this affected them and how they used to plant with their mother and their grandmother , and it was just cool to see how this changed them , if it was only for that one moment .
they &apos;re our  UNK  and our histories , the last thing we would grab and the first thing you &apos;d go back to look for .
i thought my life was over , but i managed to control all the emotions inside me and answer the questions .
in tibetan culture , they are performing very important sky burials . in places like tibet , there are no places to bury the dead , or wood to  UNK  them , so these  UNK  provide a natural disposal system .
that &apos;s 20 central parks .
and i cannot remember the first moment i encountered autism , but i cannot recall a day without it .
so i put the lights . you can see at the back , those are the lion lights .
we got dirty , and we loved it .
suddenly , there was no country i could proudly call my own .
so actually , i was in very good company .
settling down in south korea was a lot more challenging than i had expected .
but this is the geography of self .
it &apos;s my gospel , when i &apos;m telling people , grow your own food .
now i &apos;d like to introduce you to my brothers .
they said , that &apos;s ridiculous , you can &apos;t call him president .
children are taken from their families and trafficked and vanished , and they &apos;re forced to work endless hours on these boats on the lake , even though they do not know how to swim .
and he also created a magical atmosphere of trust between us by  UNK  his secret , which was that , as a very young boy starting at age four , he had been  UNK  and repeatedly physically abused by his stepfather , and the abuse had gotten so bad that he had had to drop out of school in eighth grade , even though he was very smart , and he &apos;d spent almost 20 years rebuilding his life .
and yeah , they pretty much  UNK  all the photos , but that is only a small component of what &apos;s happening .
now , i cannot deny that there have been some challenging moments in my family , moments where i &apos;ve wished that they were just like me .
it will look something like this .
i want to shine a light on slavery .
we need every one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
so here are some amazing goals that i think we can deal with now .
also the noise will disappear in these pores .
can we see it in full 3d ?
they &apos;re  UNK  cost , and we all know what happens .
so what happens ? in 40 years &apos; time , in the year 1900 , in the united states of america , there were  UNK  car manufacturing companies --  UNK  .
so i want us all to become  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  , gangsta gardeners .
the passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
like ahmed . that &apos;s not his real name , and i cannot show you his face , but ahmed is the father of one of my students .
during taliban years , i remember there were times i would get so frustrated by our life and always being scared and not seeing a future .
i have witnessed my garden become a tool for the education , a tool for the transformation of my neighborhood .
he has the most  UNK  memory .
i &apos;ve been so lucky , received so much help and inspiration in my life , so i want to help give aspiring north koreans a chance to prosper with international support .
you know , it &apos;s remarkable how universal the gesture is of handing your camera to a total stranger .
every year , countless north koreans are caught in china and  UNK  to north korea , where they can be tortured , imprisoned or publicly executed .
they ushered me down a narrow set of stairs that led to this dirty , dimly fluorescent lit basement .
they are far from being extinct .
and these projects came from questions i had , like , how much are my neighbors paying for their apartments ?
don &apos;t they sound incredible ?
and i was scared .
within two weeks , i had 150 people wanting to join in .
in fact , most of them were taken by random tourists .
we are all korean , but inside , we have become very different due to 67 years of division .
what are you going to get out of those samples ?
every 20 minutes , i &apos;d have to run back to our  UNK  to clean out my gear and run it under an air conditioner to revive it , and as i sat there , i thought , my camera is getting far better treatment than these people .
and there were all sorts of suggestions on the table , which might have made it .
and the first idea i got was to use fire , because i thought lions were scared of fire .
i use the garden , the soil , like it &apos;s a piece of cloth , and the plants and the trees , that &apos;s my  UNK  for that cloth .
my next invention is , i want to make an electric fence . electric fence ?
as my team leader  UNK  once said , it &apos;s like doing a tattoo on someone .
there are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
now i have no idea what &quot;  UNK  &quot; is .
see , i have a legacy in south central .
here &apos;s me on the soccer team and in v magazine .
the internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
how can you do — ? &quot; and i said , &quot; i do something very , very , very difficult .
my topic is the secrets of domestic violence , and the question i &apos;m going to tackle is the one question everyone always asks : why does she stay ?
the answer is easy .
no one &apos;s ever refused , and luckily no one &apos;s ever run off with our camera .
now , all these photos had been damaged by water , submerged in salt water , covered in bacteria , in sewage , sometimes even in oil , all of which over time is going to continue to damage them , so  UNK  them was a huge part of the project .
ninety-nine . well , that &apos;s an improvement .
not exactly .
we western donor countries have given the african continent two trillion american dollars in the last 50 years .
it could take an hour . it could take weeks .
for as long as he can recall , he &apos;s been forced to work on the lake .
&quot; just in the nick of time to save the  UNK  people from starvation . &quot;
all right .
this is where i live . i live in kenya , at the south parts of the nairobi national park .
and here i am today .
we hide in dark , windowless rooms , and generally avoid sunlight .
so scientists and engineers , please , talk nerdy to us .
when his uncle died ,  UNK  inherited his uncle &apos;s debt , which further forced him into being enslaved in the mines .
and it was only a few years later that we have the first recorded use of the phrase &quot; as bold as brass . &quot;
so years and years ago , i had this idea : why don &apos;t we , for once , instead of arriving in the community to tell people what to do , why don &apos;t , for once , listen to them ? but not in community meetings .
so with help from old and new friends , i turned the side of this abandoned house into a giant chalkboard and  UNK  it with a  UNK  sentence : &quot; before i die , i want to ... &quot; so anyone walking by can pick up a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives , and share their personal aspirations in public space .
one time , our bus was stopped and boarded by a chinese police officer .
fewer than six percent of women my age have made it beyond high school , and had my family not been so committed to my education , i would be one of them .
but we &apos;ll get a very large sample of data that is collected from all different circumstances , and it &apos;s getting it in different circumstances that matter because then we are looking at ironing out the confounding factors , and looking for the actual markers of the disease .
i want to introduce you to kofi .
which is why that ivy league degree and the wall street job and his bright shiny future meant so much to him .
when one dollar &apos;s worth of green beans will give you 75 dollars &apos; worth of produce .
so that evening , i just reached out on facebook and asked a few of them , and by morning the response had been so overwhelming and so positive , i knew we had to give it a go .
i also didn &apos;t know that the second step is to isolate the victim .
here &apos;s me at a slumber party a few days before i shot french  UNK  .
one in three american women experiences domestic violence or stalking at some point in her life , and the cdc reports that 15 million children are abused every year , 15 million .
nobody started a company alone . no one .
thanks so much . max little , everybody .
to change the community , you have to change the composition of the soil .
many women had children strapped to their backs while they were panning for gold ,  UNK  in water poisoned by mercury .
and then you have to tell them the truth about entrepreneurship .
if you had told me that this smart , funny , sensitive man who adored me would one day dictate whether or not i wore makeup , how short my skirts were , where i lived , what jobs i took , who my friends were and where i spent christmas , i would have laughed at you , because there was not a hint of violence or control or anger in  UNK  at the beginning .
thank you .
since my family couldn &apos;t understand chinese , i thought my family was going to be arrested .
during this time , we hadn &apos;t really spent more than about a thousand dollars in equipment and materials , most of which was printer inks .
the shafts are up to 300 feet deep , and they carry out heavy bags of stone that later will be transported to another area , where the stone will be  UNK  so that they can extract the gold .
he &apos;s  UNK  , but he communicates joy in a way that some of the best  UNK  cannot .
and those things are true , but they &apos;re only one half of the story , because the thing that we never say on camera , that i have never said on camera , is , &quot; i am insecure . &quot;
so , what we do is we send that bullet , those packet of photons , millions of times , and record again and again with very clever synchronization , and from the gigabytes of data , we  UNK  weave together to create those  UNK  i showed you .
one of my favorite words in the whole of the oxford english dictionary is &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
so — — so the government says , &quot; do it again . &quot;
that &apos;s why i am a global ambassador for  UNK  , a global campaign to educate women .
and with that , we can create cameras that can look around corners , beyond line of sight or see inside our body without an x-ray , and really challenge what we mean by a camera .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; hell no , i ain &apos;t afraid they &apos;re gonna steal it .
north koreans have to travel incredible distances on the path to freedom .
the solution for that is to make roads out of porous asphalt .
he needed them to feel protected .
as you can imagine , the town had been devastated .
so planning has this blind spot .
as i stand talking to you today , these men are still deep in that hole , risking their lives without payment or compensation , and often dying .
some people just wanted to call him king .
instead , they agreed to use the title &quot; president &quot; for now , but they also wanted it absolutely set down that they didn &apos;t agree with it from a decent respect for the opinions and practice of civilized nations , whether under republican or  UNK  forms of government , whose custom it is to  UNK  , through the office of the chief  UNK  , titles of respectability -- not bloody president -- and that in the intercourse with foreign nations , the majesty of the people of the united states may not be  UNK  by an appearance of singularity , i.e. , we don &apos;t want to look like bloody weirdos .
the person with the idea may not have the knowledge , but the knowledge is available .
i was 22 . i had just graduated from harvard college .
together we can make our beds , our dinner tables and our families the safe and peaceful  UNK  they should be .
the textile industry is another one we often think of when we hear about slave labor .
this is  UNK  . when his father died , his uncle trafficked him to work with him in the mines .
so what i did , i planted a food forest in front of my house .
funny thing is , the  UNK  are killing more people than the  UNK  .
so we took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab .
then you have to offer them absolute , dedicated , passionate service to them .
sometimes , i saw dead bodies floating down the river .
i thought it was only us italians  UNK  around africa , but then i saw what the americans were doing , what the english were doing , what the french were doing , and after seeing what they were doing , i became quite proud of our project in zambia .
and what about some still-life photography ?
he took everyone &apos;s i.d. cards , and he started asking them questions .
i can feel the brush of sweaty bodies passing me in the darkness , but i can &apos;t see much else .
what &apos;s going on here ?
and i got these free things because of how i look , not who i am , and there are people paying a cost for how they look and not who they are .
and i know there are people in the audience who are skeptical at this point , and maybe there are some  UNK  who are , like , &quot; wait . naomi .  UNK  . joan  UNK  . liu wen . &quot;
when we first arrived , i went to have a quick look .
we pulled debris from canals and  UNK  .
it started burning a hole in my stomach , so within weeks , i flew down to los angeles to meet with the director of free the slaves and offer them my help .
the next question people always ask me is , &quot; do they  UNK  all the photos ? &quot;
the journey by bus took one week , and we were almost caught several times .
i see dialysis centers popping up like starbucks .
i saw what seemed to be a family fishing on a boat , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense right ?
growing one plant will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
and i thought about death a lot , and this made me feel deep gratitude for the time i &apos;ve had , and brought clarity to the things that are meaningful to my life now .
at the end of my first week there , i found myself helping out in an evacuation center in the town .
so you &apos;re 86 percent accurate right now ?
in west africa , there &apos;s a horrific trade of dead  UNK  to serve the  UNK  and the  UNK  market .
before march , 2011 , i was a photographic  UNK  based in new york city .
my  UNK  even called in and said how they endorse and love what we &apos;re doing .
so i broke the silence .
so i had to find a way of solving this problem .
we &apos;re going to cheer you on every step of the way , my friend .
in kathmandu , i was escorted by women who had previously been sex slaves themselves .
something to do with words , i assume .
so i said we have such an industrial machine in the lab to heat up the specimens .
some don &apos;t even know they &apos;re enslaved , people working 16 , 17 hours a day without any pay , because this has been the case all their lives .
a day , a week ? actually , a whole year .
so after our paper was published in nature communications , it was highlighted by  UNK  , and they created this animation .
&quot; before i die , i want to hold her one more time . &quot;
it was cozy in winter but extremely hot in summer .
these north koreans were not so lucky .
oddly , i had been to many of these places before .
i got to climb out of that hole , and i got to go home , but they likely never will , because they &apos;re trapped in slavery .
so we started  UNK  photos .
i was able to end my own crazy love story by breaking the silence .
but you have to maintain it .
now , remember , the whole event is effectively taking place in less than a  UNK  — that &apos;s how much time it takes for light to travel — but i &apos;m slowing down in this video by a factor of 10 billion so you can see the light in motion .
this was the first time i heard that people in my country were suffering .
UNK   UNK  . it means in my language , thank you very much .
what do you call the leader of a republican country ?
here &apos;s me on the same day as this shoot .
not terribly damaged , but where the water had caused that  UNK  on the girl &apos;s face had to be repaired with such accuracy and delicacy .
but what made the biggest impression on me that first meeting was that he was smart and funny and he looked like a farm boy .
recently , on one trip , we were walking , and she stops dead in her tracks , and she points to a red  UNK  of the doll store that she loved when she was little on our earlier trips .
well , for the past few centuries we have defined beauty not just as health and youth and symmetry that we &apos;re biologically programmed to admire , but also as tall , slender figures , and  UNK  and white skin .
and this was my first time in afghanistan .
at the end of the road , he urged us out of the car , and told the driver to quickly leave .
the chance for greatness , for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else .
it was like the foreman of the jury .
so i set up everything .
they were already drowning in manure .
at that moment , i heard one man &apos;s voice ask me , &quot; what &apos;s wrong ? &quot;
i will demonstrate for you now 10 years of accumulated model knowledge , because unlike  UNK  surgeons , it can just be distilled right into -- right now .
saying that you want to be a model when you grow up is akin to saying that you want to win the  UNK  when you grow up .
each has small , private rooms , where the slaves , women , along with young girls and boys , some as young as seven years old , are forced to entertain the clients , encouraging them to buy more food and alcohol .
in a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
it made me feel ashamed to see people that were this close to me that were hungry , and this only reinforced why i do this , and people asked me , &quot; fin , aren &apos;t you afraid people are going to steal your food ? &quot;
they &apos;ve also be associated with disney — —  UNK  as goofy , dumb , stupid characters .
after i paid the fine and bribe , my family was released in one month , but soon after , my family was arrested and jailed again in the capital of  UNK  .
barack obama , president obama , is there on borrowed time , just waiting for the senate to spring into action .
when my hand slips , i suddenly remember a miner i had met days before who had lost his grip and fell countless feet down that shaft .
but of course , because of tissue and blood , this is quite challenging , so this is really a call for scientists to start thinking about  UNK  as really a new imaging modality to solve the next generation of health imaging problems .
a photo is a reminder of someone or something , a place , a relationship , a loved one .
UNK  way of maintaining things is not sustainable .
and my father -- that &apos;s him -- he was the first ever in his family to receive an education .
it could take months .
so basically , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to meet , don &apos;t call me if you want to sit around in cushy chairs and have meetings where you talk about doing some shit -- where you talk about doing some shit .
a morning that i will never forget .
they have nothing to compare it to .
ha . he &apos;s ready .
you can give somebody an idea .
and the garden , it was beautiful .
thank you .
it &apos;s estimated that more than 4,000 children are enslaved on lake volta , the largest man-made lake in the world .
but most people don &apos;t agree .
after six months in japan , 1,100 volunteers had passed through all hands , hundreds of whom had helped us  UNK  over  UNK  photographs , the large majority
so i had an idea .
she had a lot of her animals being killed by lions , and she asked me if i could put the lights for her .
we &apos;ve done it in 300 communities around the world .
now ,  UNK  did not come home one day and announce , &quot; you know , hey , all this romeo and juliet stuff has been great , but i need to move into the next phase where i isolate you and i abuse you &quot; — — &quot; so i need to get you out of this apartment where the neighbors can hear you scream and out of this city where you have friends and family and coworkers who can see the bruises . &quot;
and it didn &apos;t have much more grandeur than the term &quot; foreman &quot; or &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
so why are  UNK  important ? first of all , they provide vital ecological services . they clean up .
&quot; before i die , i want to be tried for piracy . &quot;
there &apos;s a lovely story that i read in a futurist magazine many , many years ago .
and the trick here is to use a single ,  UNK  sentence that the audience can key into if they get a bit lost , and then provide visuals which appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what &apos;s being described .
so these vocal effects can actually be quite subtle , in some cases , but with any digital microphone , and using precision voice analysis software in combination with the latest in machine learning , which is very advanced by now , we can now quantify exactly where somebody lies on a continuum between health and disease using voice signals alone .
so the first question is , how do you become a model ?
the war and the  UNK  life that comes with it have created this environment of style and fashion that can only be described through creating a fashion line for soldiers and suicide bombers where i take local afghan fox fur and add it to a  UNK  jacket or make multiple interior pockets on fashionable  UNK   UNK  .
when you see a  UNK  like this , the first thing that comes to your mind is , these are disgusting , ugly , greedy creatures that are just after your flesh , associated with politicians .
these heels are very uncomfortable , so good thing i wasn &apos;t going to wear them .
he told me two things .
&quot; oh , no , i cannot do this . &quot; &quot; would you like me to find you somebody ? &quot;
we can perform low-cost mass recruitment for clinical trials , and we can make  UNK  screening feasible for the first time .
you have to offer them  UNK  , privacy , you have to be fantastic at helping them , and then they will come , and they will come in droves .
why didn &apos;t i walk out ? i could have left any time .
not everybody gets to do that .
am i south korean or north korean ?
my new school now is coming in and helping by fundraising and creating an awareness .
since now , i &apos;ve set up seven homes around my community , and they &apos;re really working .
so they donated to us a piece of highway , 400 meters of the  UNK  , where we had to make a test track to test this material .
here you see actually how the damage appears in this material .
we are lying on the floor together , and our bodies are so weak we are ready to die . &quot;
for her , despite all of this , those photos were the perfect gift back to him , something he could look at again , something he remembered from before that wasn &apos;t still scarred from that day in march when absolutely everything else in his life had changed or been destroyed .
we gotta flip the script on what a gangsta is .
when i returned to afghanistan , my grandfather , the one exiled from his home for daring to educate his daughters , was among the first to congratulate me .
those are my dad &apos;s cows at the back , and behind the cows , that &apos;s the nairobi national park .
and then a few days later , driving home from our  UNK  , he got frustrated by traffic , and he threw a cold big mac in my face .
it &apos;s one of the six lions which were killed in nairobi .
my family believes in me .
first , you have to offer them  UNK  .
they kill our livestock .
instead , everything we touched we killed .
&quot; why didn &apos;t you tell us ? &quot; &quot; you never asked . &quot;
and i got a switch where i can switch on the lights , on and off .
and i was wondering , how would you feel if you had no access to healthy food , if every time you walk out your door you see the ill effects that the present food system has on your neighborhood ?
it &apos;s much better than that .
so i grew up hating lions so much .
i met these boys at five in the morning , when they were hauling in the last of their nets , but they had been working since 1 a.m.
i wanted them to know that we will be bearing witness to them , and that we will do whatever we can to help make a difference in their lives .
i want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share in the food in the same block .
well you can see where this is going .
this is when we started asking passing tourists to take the picture .
i hope that these images awaken a force in those who view them , people like you , and i hope that force will ignite a fire , and that fire will shine a light on slavery , for without that light , the beast of  UNK  can continue to live in the shadows .
food is the problem and food is the solution .
she also had  UNK  .
it &apos;s not . it &apos;s down to a campaigner for the freedom of the press .
despite what had happened , i was sure we were going to live happily ever after , because i loved him , and he loved me so much .
we have never met a single human being in the world who can make it , sell it and look after the money .
and i always just say , &quot; oh , i was  UNK  , &quot; but that means nothing .
we don &apos;t work from offices .
but instead of asking them how come they were not growing anything , we simply said , &quot; thank god we &apos;re here . &quot;
then you can have a lot of splash water in the asphalt .
and in  UNK  , this group of people came together , and they all speculated about what would happen to the city of new york in 100 years , and the conclusion was  UNK  : the city of new york would not exist in 100 years .
i live in south central .
there &apos;s only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : none were started by one person .
UNK  first physically attacked me five days before our wedding .
and finally , this  UNK  can also lead to more and more damage .
when i was working in the field , i brought lots of candles with me , and with the help of my interpreter , i imparted to the people i was photographing that i wanted to illuminate their stories and their plight , so when it was safe for them , and safe for me , i made these images .
it &apos;s like throwing a stone in a pond of water .
the next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence and see how she reacts .
i had my first apartment , my first little green american express card , and i had a very big secret .
plus you get strawberries .
but these great conversations can &apos;t occur if our scientists and engineers don &apos;t invite us in to see their wonderland .
no one knows what the hell we do .
the  UNK  in this shot pretty much had to be  UNK  , or  UNK  together , picking out the remaining parts of color and detail that the water hadn &apos;t damaged .
and i think the answer that they &apos;re looking for is , &quot; if you are a little bit  UNK  and you have  UNK  hair , you will be so happy and fabulous . &quot;
so my first message for you is that domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races , all religions , all income and education levels .
if there &apos;s a  UNK  to this talk , i hope it &apos;s that we all feel more comfortable acknowledging the power of image in our perceived successes and our perceived failures .
what &apos;s the next one on your list ?
back then , we had no idea how much this trip would change our lives .
and it &apos;s important to note that these nets weigh more than a thousand pounds when they &apos;re full of fish .
well , to conclude , i can say that we made a material using steel fibers , the addition of steel fibers , using induction energy to really increase the surface life of the road , double the surface life you can even do , so it will really save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
that is my burden . what &apos;s yours ?
it &apos;s a noisy material , and if we produce roads like in the netherlands , very close to cities , then we would like a silent road .
here he &apos;s seen taking a bath at the well , pouring big buckets of water over his head , and the wonderful news is , as you and i are sitting here talking today , kofi has been reunited with his family , and what &apos;s even better , his family has been given tools to make a living and to keep their children safe .
government ? forget about it !
we can reduce logistical difficulties with patients .
i mean , some people wanted him to be called chief  UNK  washington , and other people , his  UNK  george washington , and other people , protector of the liberties of the people of the united states of america washington .
so what i &apos;m saying is that entrepreneurship is where it &apos;s at .
i was also a very typical victim because i knew nothing about domestic violence , its warning signs or its patterns .
UNK  proceeded to beat me once or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
you have no idea how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
it turns out , because we &apos;re recording nearly at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and einstein would have loved to see this picture .
i was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me to arch my back and put my hand in that guy &apos;s hair .
so how did my team at mit create this camera ?
driving down a road in ghana with partners of free the slaves , a fellow  UNK  on a  UNK  suddenly sped up to our  UNK  and tapped on the window .
you see , some people may not do it . they may not get through it .
this is where people were handing them in , and i was honored that day that they actually trusted me to help them start  UNK  them .
he doesn &apos;t remember if he stole my chocolate bar , but he remembers the year of release for every song on my ipod , conversations we had when he was four ,  UNK  on my arm on the first ever episode of  UNK  , and lady gaga &apos;s birthday .
he kept one under the pillows on our bed , and the third one he kept in his pocket at all times .
the smallest company , the biggest company , has to be capable of doing three things beautifully : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have fantastic marketing , and you have to have tremendous financial management .
and i &apos;d like to share a few things that people wrote on this wall .
i thanked him with all my heart , and i asked him , &quot; why are you helping me ? &quot;
he not only  UNK  about my college degree , but also that i was the first woman , and that i am the first woman to drive him through the streets of kabul .
&quot; before i die , i want to straddle the international date line . &quot;
and i &apos;d like to look at how taking a simple kabul  UNK  and putting it on the wall amidst kipling &apos;s call of  UNK  to generate dialogue about how i see contemporary development initiatives being rooted in yesterday &apos;s colonial rhetoric about a &quot; white man &apos;s burden &quot; to save the brown man from himself and maybe even  UNK  him a bit .
this is the first outfit change on the ted stage , so you guys are pretty lucky to witness it , i think .
today i have just one request .
it read , &quot; when you read this , all five family members will not exist in this world , because we haven &apos;t eaten for the past two weeks .
so predators like lions follow them , and this is what they do .
they are very graceful . charles darwin said he changed his mind because he watched them fly effortlessly without energy in the skies .
i truly believe , if we can see one another as fellow human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
but since publishing &quot; crazy love , &quot; i have heard hundreds of stories from men and women who also got out , who learned an  UNK  life lesson from what happened , and who rebuilt lives -- joyous , happy lives -- as employees , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like me .
thank you very much .
and in this picture , i had actually never had a boyfriend in real life .
actually , my student  UNK  , i have to plug him , because he &apos;s done some fantastic work , and now he has proved that it works over the mobile telephone network as well , which enables this project , and we &apos;re getting 99 percent accuracy .
and he was very , very sorry .
now we have some ways to go before we take this outside the lab on the road , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what &apos;s around the bend , or we can look for survivors in hazardous conditions by looking at light reflected through open windows , or we can build  UNK  that can see deep inside the body around  UNK  , and also for  UNK  .
and there are only  UNK  young black and latino men in new york , so for them , it &apos;s not a question of , &quot; will i get stopped ? &quot;
he wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood and my hopes and dreams .
we activate communities .
if , after this amazing list , they still are like , &quot; no , no , cameron , i want to be a model , &quot; well then i say , &quot; be my boss . &quot;
you don &apos;t get a chance to mess it up .
in 2009 , i lost someone i loved very much .
&quot; the taliban are gone ! &quot; my father shouted .
and first , i  UNK  you on your model knowledge . very impressive .
when i was 11 , i remember waking up one morning to the sound of joy in my house .
on may the 13th , i made my way to the town of  UNK  .
so , superman can fly .
kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in africa :  UNK  wind turbines are going to be up at lake turkana .
and then we help them to go and find the knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
and in fact , because their minds don &apos;t fit into society &apos;s version of normal , they &apos;re often bypassed and misunderstood .
so this neglected space became a constructive one , and people &apos;s hopes and dreams made me laugh out loud , tear up , and they  UNK  me during my own tough times .
it &apos;s about knowing you &apos;re not alone .
because there are no  UNK  , there &apos;s been a spread in the numbers of  UNK  dogs at carcass dump sites , and when you have  UNK  dogs , you have a huge time bomb of  UNK  . the number of cases of  UNK  has increased tremendously in india .
some of the light leaks , goes on the table , and you start seeing these ripples of waves .
in china , it was hard living as a young girl without my family .
you probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
so what you do -- you shut up .
everything i do , and everything i do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work as a young man in africa .
as we started down the path , we pushed aside the  UNK  blocking the way , and after about an hour of walking in , found that the trail had become flooded by recent rains , so i hoisted the photo gear above my head as we descended into these waters up to my chest .
our scientists and engineers are the ones that are tackling our grandest challenges , from energy to environment to health care , among others , and if we don &apos;t know about it and understand it , then the work isn &apos;t done , and i believe it &apos;s our responsibility as  UNK  to have these interactions .
but many die .
this is south central : liquor stores , fast food , vacant lots .
now , that would actually save on a difficult trip to the clinic , and what if patients could do that test themselves , right ?
image is powerful , but also image is superficial .
you already tried it once , right , and you -- i tried it before , but i stopped because it gave me a shock .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s on the street .
so me and my group , l.a. green grounds , we got together and we started planting my food forest , fruit trees , you know , the whole nine , vegetables .
and she describes to me the feeling she felt as a five-year-old standing in that exact spot .
and try and use this campaign to expose these  UNK  who are  UNK  as national heroes .
he had these big cheeks , these big apple cheeks and this  UNK  hair , and he seemed so sweet .
but if you look at this tomato one more time , you will notice , as the light washes over the tomato , it continues to glow . it doesn &apos;t become dark .
our first project , the one that has inspired my first book , &quot; ripples from the  UNK  , &quot; was a project where we italians decided to teach  UNK  people how to grow food .
i want to look at how , in my opinion , the conflict in afghanistan has become conflict  UNK  .
so my big dream is to become an aircraft engineer and pilot when i grow up .
so a boy , from six to nine years old , in my community is responsible for his dad &apos;s cows , and that &apos;s the same thing which happened to me .
no expensive staff time required .
we have local numbers accessible to three quarters of a billion people on the planet .
the other question everybody asks is , why doesn &apos;t she just leave ?
and still we ask , why doesn &apos;t she just leave ?
tens of hundreds of people are enslaved in agriculture , in restaurants , in domestic  UNK  , and the list can go on .
kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
we have helped to start 40,000 businesses .
i did everything to get my family to freedom , and we came so close , but my family was thrown in jail just a short distance from the south korean embassy .
soon after , when i was walking past a train station , i saw something terrible that i can &apos;t erase from my memory .
but doing these things , they can get you in jail , they can be misunderstood , misinterpreted .
now , we were lucky with our  UNK  .
in the trenches . richard  UNK  , you are something else .
you know ? you can be anything .
slavery exists everywhere , nearly , in the world , and yet it is illegal everywhere in the world .
due to  UNK  , due to  UNK  light , due to  UNK  , this binder , this  UNK  , the glue between the aggregates is going to shrink , and if it shrinks , it gets  UNK  , and it  UNK  from the aggregates .
the profession is the family doctor of enterprise , the family doctor of business , who sits with you in your house , at your kitchen table , at the cafe , and helps you find the resources to transform your passion into a way to make a living .
in the himalayas , i found children carrying stone for miles down  UNK  terrain to trucks waiting at roads below .
i &apos;d have to rely on free the slaves to work within the system for their liberation , and i trusted that they would .
these images are not of issues . they are of people , real people , like you and me , all  UNK  of the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
this is a family portrait .
let &apos;s see . yeah , it worked .
mercury is used in the extraction process .
and when you &apos;re describing your science , beware of jargon .
from time to time , the school would suddenly be canceled for a week because taliban were suspicious .
now , if you take an ordinary bullet and let it go the same distance and slow down the video again by a factor of 10 billion , do you know how long you &apos;ll have to sit here to watch that movie ?
within japan , by july , we &apos;d  UNK  out to the neighboring town of  UNK  , further north to a town called  UNK  .
he had to go towards the water as the sirens sounded .
and let that be your weapon of choice .
in school , we spent a lot of time studying the history of kim  UNK  , but we never learned much about the outside world , except that america , south korea , japan are the enemies .
normality  UNK  the beauty that differences give us , and the fact that we are different doesn &apos;t mean that one of us is wrong .
we need to be able to measure progression objectively , and ultimately , the only way we &apos;re going to know when we actually have a cure is when we have an objective measure that can answer that for sure .
a conservative estimate tells us there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world today .
once a week , we would set up our scanning equipment in the temporary photo libraries that had been set up , where people were reclaiming their photos .
so great progress and treatment has been made over the years .
in our age of increasing distractions , it &apos;s more important than ever to find ways to maintain perspective and remember that life is brief and tender .
i couldn &apos;t offer them any direct help .
thank you .
many of the photons eventually reach the cap and then they explode in various directions .
for instance , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than , say , beverly hills , which is probably eight , 10 miles away .
it &apos;s a small fishing town in  UNK   UNK  , about 50,000 people , one of the first that was hit by the wave .
and so what i did in  UNK  that first year was to just walk the streets , and in three days i had my first client , and i helped this first guy who was smoking fish from a garage , was a  UNK  guy , and i helped him to sell to the restaurant in  UNK  , to get organized , and then the fishermen came to me to say , &quot; you the guy who helped  UNK  ? can you help us ? &quot;
i realized that this was a symbolic moment in my life .
never the word &quot; i , &quot; and the word &quot; we &quot; 32 times .
although i often wondered about the outside world , i thought i would spend my entire life in north korea , until everything suddenly changed .
when a photo like this can be returned to someone like this , it makes a huge difference in the lives of the person receiving it .
the day i gave her the photos also happened to be her youngest son &apos;s 14th birthday .
i want to take shipping containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
so pervasive was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to even touch and ceased working .
so he jumps in and kills the animals .
but one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from a coworker &apos;s sister .
long before that i had grown up with the war , but alongside weekend  UNK  and saturday soccer games and  UNK  with racist children of the  UNK  and  UNK  demonstrations chanting , &quot; down with communism and long live afghanistan , &quot; and burning  UNK  of  UNK  before i even knew what it meant .
now if i take a laser pointer and turn it on and off in one  UNK  of a second -- which is several  UNK  -- i &apos;ll create a packet of photons barely a millimeter wide , and that packet of photons , that bullet , will travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than an ordinary bullet .
these people have no escape at all , and as we take in such a difficult subject , it &apos;s important to note that slavery , including sex trafficking , occurs in our own backyard as well .
with  UNK  and  UNK  , we &apos;re aiming to record a very large number of voices worldwide to collect enough data to start to tackle these four goals .
absolutely .
but mostly it was difficult to unpack a legacy of gender and racial oppression when i am one of the biggest beneficiaries .
there was a big smile on his face which was unusual then , because the news mostly depressed him .
meanwhile , the ripples are traveling on the table , and because of the reflections at the top , you see at the back of the bottle , after several frames , the reflections are focused .
first you get one stone , then several more , and more and more and more and more , and then they -- well , i will not do that .
he sat next to me on the new york city subway , and he started chatting me up .
i fear that these changes will not last much beyond the u.s. troops &apos;  UNK  .
over time , more photos came in , thankfully , and more  UNK  were needed , and so i reached out again on facebook and linkedin , and within five days , 80 people wanted to help from 12 different countries .
so i arrived by truck with about 50 rebels to the battle for  UNK  as a 19-year-old vegetarian surfer from  UNK  , florida .
and the reason for the delay and the boredom was that the house of representatives were against the senate .
most people think that &apos;s down to the metal .
in fact , it &apos;s very likely that this muscular person will end up like this one here , racked with tuberculosis and mercury poisoning in just a few years .
so what happened ?
when the tomatoes were nice and ripe and red , overnight , some 200  UNK  came out from the river and they ate everything .
five years ago , i experienced a bit of what it must have been like to be alice in wonderland .
however , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
as he arrived home , the phone rang , a voice warning him that if he sent his daughter back to school , they would try again .
as soon as we moved to new england -- you know , that place where connor was supposed to feel so safe -- he bought three guns .
now we teach entrepreneurship to  UNK  in  UNK  , and we start the class by giving them the first two pages of richard branson &apos;s autobiography , and the task of the  UNK  is to  UNK  , in the first two pages of richard branson &apos;s autobiography how many times richard uses the word &quot; i &quot; and how many times he uses the word &quot; we . &quot;
he screamed a lot .
and he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma he &apos;d experienced as a young boy .
it &apos;s about time . thank you .
they knew their image would be seen by you out in the world .
i lost all hope .
i , along with hundreds of other volunteers , knew we couldn &apos;t just sit at home , so i decided to join them for three weeks .
we would cover our books in grocery bags so it would seem we were just out shopping .
and they had to face the question of what to call george washington , their leader .
doc  UNK  inspired us with awe and curiosity with this photo of a bullet piercing through an apple , and exposure just a millionth of a second .
the lady who brought us these photos was lucky , as far as the photos go .
back in the  UNK  , i wanted to cry , but the  UNK  next to me quickly grabbed me and he said , &quot; lisa , don &apos;t do that . just don &apos;t do that here . &quot;
that &apos;s why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , i decided to risk going to south korea , and i started a new life yet again .
so when i was writing this talk , i found it very difficult to strike an honest balance , because on the one hand , i felt very uncomfortable to come out here and say , &quot; look i &apos;ve received all these benefits from a deck stacked in my favor , &quot; and it also felt really uncomfortable to follow that up with , &quot; and it doesn &apos;t always make me happy . &quot;
it &apos;s about understanding our neighbors in new and enlightening ways .
but what if patients could do this test at home ?
the funny thing about sustainability , you have to sustain it .
the house of representatives didn &apos;t want washington to get drunk on power .
there were no art directors , no  UNK  , no chance for  UNK  , not even any regard for lighting .
there are the new world  UNK  that are mainly found in the americas , like the  UNK  and the  UNK  , and then the old world  UNK  , where we have 16 species . from these 16 , 11 of them are facing a high risk of extinction .
thanks .
i &apos;m confident that you will see more and more north koreans succeeding all over the world , including the ted stage .
there were no back doors .
i would like to conclude by reading an email i got from one of them , cindy , the day i finally got back from japan after six months .
five days later , the ten bruises on my neck had just faded , and i put on my mother &apos;s wedding dress , and i married him .
these miners are enslaved in a mine shaft in another part of ghana .
i &apos;m not going to tell you the damage that that money has done .
so what we can do is use steel wool just to clean  UNK  , and the steel wool we can cut in very small pieces , and these very small pieces we can mix to the  UNK  .
but they mean two different things .
and that &apos;s why the senate objected to it .
you have to go to the clinic to do it . it &apos;s very , very costly , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , it &apos;s just never done . it &apos;s never done .
i live in new york , and last year , of the 140,000 teenagers that were stopped and  UNK  , 86 percent of them were black and latino , and most of them were young men .
now , ballet requires an extraordinary level of expertise and a high level of skill , and probably a level of initial  UNK  that may well have a genetic component to it .
there were no windows large enough to climb through .
it &apos;s made of asphalt , and asphalt is a very nice material to drive on , but not always , especially not on these days as today , when it &apos;s raining a lot .
we &apos;ve done the research , and we have looked at the 100 iconic companies of the world -- carnegie ,  UNK  , edison , ford , all the new companies , google , yahoo .
so one year ago , i was just a boy in the savanna grassland herding my father &apos;s cows , and i used to see planes flying over , and i told myself that one day , i &apos;ll be there inside .
after another two hours of hiking , the winding trail abruptly ended at a clearing , and before us was a mass of holes that could fit into the size of a football field , and all of them were full of enslaved people  UNK  .
i &apos;m 150 feet down an illegal mine shaft in ghana .
as you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing north koreans to secretly cross .
there were no breaks for food , no water breaks , and the severe  UNK  made  UNK  pretty much inconsequential .
and i was distraught .
if you want to meet with me , come to the garden with your shovel so we can plant some shit .
my interpreter told me their stories .
the order at which events take place in the world appear in the camera with sometimes reversed order , so by applying the corresponding space and time warp , we can correct for this distortion .
at first glance , the pounding site seems full of powerful men , but when we look closer , we see some less fortunate working on the fringes , and children too .
the real way that i became a model is i won a genetic lottery , and i am the recipient of a legacy , and maybe you &apos;re wondering what is a legacy .
penn state asked me , a communications teacher , to teach a communications class for engineering students .
i thought , this is how nature paints a photo , one  UNK  frame at a time , but of course our eye sees an integral composite .
you want to read the book , read &quot; dead aid , &quot; by  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  woman economist .
i see wheelchairs bought and sold like used cars .
in the cold , windy night .
now , this is healthy and this is somebody making speech sounds , and we can think of ourselves as vocal ballet dancers , because we have to coordinate all of these vocal organs when we make sounds , and we all actually have the genes for it . foxp2 , for example .
i would have told you myself that i was the last person on earth who would stay with a man who beats me , but in fact i was a very typical victim because of my age .
each day , we took a different route so that no one would suspect where we were going .
no need to go to the clinic for a routine  UNK  .
when i was a teenager , i was driving with my friend who was an awful driver and she ran a red and of course , we got pulled over , and all it took was a &quot; sorry , officer , &quot; and we were on our way .
please -- don &apos;t tell me i &apos;m normal .
president . they didn &apos;t invent the title . i mean , it existed before , but it just meant somebody who  UNK  over a meeting .
thus began my journey into modern day slavery .
he doesn &apos;t care about religious differences , and get this : he has never told a lie .
and what we do , we become friends , and we find out what that person wants to do .
now this is one of my plans . this is what i want to do .
several times we can repeat that .
the two words come from the latin root &quot;  UNK  , &quot; which means &quot; father . &quot;
takes about $ 300 , by the way , in the neurologist &apos;s clinic to do it .
please don &apos;t tell me i &apos;m normal .
instead , as einstein said , make everything as simple as possible , but no simpler .
also , i realized there was a wide gap between north and south .
i want to change that perception . i want to change those feelings you have for these birds , because they need our sympathy . they really do .
and i believe the key to opening that door is great communication .
the ripples should be moving towards us .
we desperately need great communication from our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
and i see their parents and their fathers who , like my own , advocate for them , despite and even in the face of daunting opposition .
but i do them because i have to , because the geography of self mandates it .
it &apos;s out of your control , and it &apos;s awesome , and it &apos;s not a career path .
on top of that ,  UNK  has tuberculosis , yet he &apos;s still forced to work day in and day out in that mine shaft .
so what that means is that people will be able to — people will be able to call in from their mobile phones and do this test , and people with parkinson &apos;s could call in , record their voice , and then their doctor can check up on their progress , see where they &apos;re doing in this course of the disease .
it just means that there &apos;s a different kind of right .
in my broken english , and with a dictionary , i explained the situation , and without  UNK  , the man went to the atm and he paid the rest of the money for my family and two other north koreans to get out of jail .
so i am going to give you some -- attempt today to try and explain to you what i do .
i want to spend a day in the life of a  UNK   UNK  who wears his jihad against the communists like  UNK  bling and uses armed religious intimidation and political corruption to make himself rich .
when i was little , i thought my country was the best on the planet , and i grew up singing a song called &quot; nothing to envy . &quot;
i want to share a few keys on how you can do that to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is engaging .
it &apos;s difficult to witness something so overwhelming .
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no  UNK  , carcasses take up to three to four times to decompose , and this has huge ramifications for the spread of diseases .
we couldn &apos;t  UNK  the photo unless it was cleaned , dry and reclaimed .
but the second answer , and what i really want to say to these little girls is , &quot; why ?
we take photos constantly .
we might produce the next george washington  UNK  .
because it turns out that i &apos;m actually a very typical domestic violence victim and a typical domestic violence survivor .
i didn &apos;t know what it meant , but i could see that my father was very , very happy .
in india and nepal , i was introduced to the brick  UNK  .
now , for you who may be less familiar with the term &quot; autism , &quot; it &apos;s a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
what can you do ? can you make it ?
it &apos;s almost impossible to cross the border between north korea and south korea , so , ironically , i took a flight back to china and i headed toward the north korean border .
our shared spaces can better reflect what matters to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share our hopes , fears and stories , the people around us can not only help us make better places , they can help us lead better lives .
it &apos;s really become sacred to us .
thank you .
abuse could be affecting your daughter , your sister , your best friend right now .
there is a problem with community meetings .
gardening is my graffiti . i grow my art .
when these villagers claimed their freedom , the  UNK  burned down all of their houses .
just like a graffiti artist , where they  UNK  walls , me , i beautiful lawns ,  UNK  .
however , there are 6.3 million people worldwide who have the disease , and they have to live with incurable weakness , tremor ,  UNK  and the other symptoms that go along with the disease , so what we need are objective tools to detect the disease before it &apos;s too late .
instead , i was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man , and i was the only person on earth who could help  UNK  face his demons .
because it &apos;s very hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it &apos;s a very silent road .
who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? universities ? forget about it !
when i met him , he had been working in the mines for 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is actually from a mining accident , one so severe doctors say his leg should be amputated .
we are the soil .
there were occasional presidents of little colonial councils and bits of government , but it was really a nothing title .
i was working on my computer trying to finish a freelance writing assignment , and i got frustrated , and  UNK  used my anger as an excuse to put both of his hands around my neck and to squeeze so tightly that i could not breathe or scream , and he used the  UNK  to hit my head repeatedly against the wall .
so i was living in constant fear that my identity could be revealed , and i would be  UNK  to a horrible fate back in north korea .
i &apos;m here to tell you the story of crazy love , a psychological trap disguised as love , one that millions of women and even a few men fall into every year .
second thing you can learn is that when a government says that this is a temporary measure -- -- you can still be waiting  UNK  years later .
&quot; i &apos;m helping the north korean people . &quot;
i started this as a  UNK  in  UNK  , in western australia .
people are dying from curable diseases in south central los angeles .
and i was like , &quot; cool . bring it . &quot;
the school was in a house , more than 100 of us packed in one small living room .
i had no idea i was falling into crazy love , that i was walking  UNK  into a carefully laid physical , financial and psychological trap .
you could not get a worse insult , and that from charles darwin .
that equates to about $ 50,000 in today &apos;s money .
if we can make this material  UNK  , then probably we have a solution .
my dog is a black lab , and i drive a  UNK  odyssey  UNK  .
they didn &apos;t want to call him king in case that gave him ideas , or his successor ideas .
in fact , they &apos;re often the initial and convincing negotiators of a bright future for their daughters , but in the context of a society like in afghanistan , we must have the support of men .
i feel like it &apos;s easy to get caught up in the day-to-day , and forget what really matters to you .
UNK  believed in me , as a writer and a woman , in a way that no one else ever had .
we had an amazing local woman who guided us .
so today , for me , being fearless means being honest .
and here &apos;s me today .
one of them got caught up in the water .
the worst part is putting this sweater over my head , because that &apos;s when you &apos;ll all laugh at me , so don &apos;t do anything while it &apos;s over my head .
i present you a new type of photography ,  UNK  , a new imaging technique so fast that it can create slow motion videos of light in motion .
i mean , come on , why wouldn &apos;t they ?
some i even considered like my second home .
UNK  knows what love is .
they &apos;re high-speed , take about 30 seconds at most .
first question to answer for us : so what ?
but as these conversations unfolded , i experienced what alice must have when she went down that rabbit hole and saw that door to a whole new world .
thank you .
the neurologist &apos;s test is non-invasive . they both use existing infrastructure .
and that &apos;s a small torch from a broken flashlight .
but &quot; how many times will i get stopped ? when will i get stopped ? &quot;
but this time , i would see the skeletons hidden in the closet .
so l.a. times got  UNK  of it . steve lopez did a story on it and talked to the  UNK  , and one of the green grounds members , they put up a petition on  UNK  , and with 900 signatures , we were a success .
when he sings songs from our childhood , attempting words that not even i could remember , he reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind , and how wonderful the unknown must be .
i was given a slap in the face reading a book , &quot; small is beautiful , &quot; written by  UNK  , who said , above all in economic development , if people do not wish to be helped , leave them alone .
other outcomes include long-term stalking , even after the  UNK   UNK  ; denial of financial resources ; and manipulation of the family court system to terrify the victim and her children , who are regularly forced by family court judges to spend  UNK  time with the man who beat their mother .
that &apos;s just how i felt as i had those conversations with the students . i was amazed at the ideas that they had , and i wanted others to experience this wonderland as well .
they &apos;d been finding photos and photo albums and cameras and  UNK  cards .
after they finished questioning me , one official said to another , &quot; this was a false report .
a few things to consider are having examples , stories and analogies . those are ways to engage and excite us about your content .
i met him at a shelter where free the slaves  UNK  victims of slavery .
thank you .
and this is a legacy that was built for me , and it &apos;s a legacy that i &apos;ve been  UNK  out on .
i &apos;ve been married for almost 20 years to my second husband and we have three kids together .
they got their title of respectability .
standing in the near darkness , i remember feeling this quick , hot fear , and in that instant , i could only imagine what it must be like to be trapped in that hell .
by shining one laser , we can record one raw photo , which , you look on the screen , doesn &apos;t really make any sense , but then we will take a lot of such pictures , dozens of such pictures , put them together , and try to analyze the multiple bounces of light , and from that , can we see the hidden object ?
they are constructions , and they are constructions by a group of professionals , by  UNK  and makeup artists and photographers and  UNK  and all of their assistants and  UNK  and  UNK  , and they build this . that &apos;s not me .
there is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of solitude .
but i struggle to maintain this perspective in my daily life .
i didn &apos;t know that the first stage in any domestic violence relationship is to seduce and charm the victim .
they are  UNK  machines .
peter  UNK  , one of the greatest management consultants in history , died age 96 , a few years ago .
so they kill the lions .
the next question people always ask me is , &quot; can i be a model when i grow up ? &quot;
they own 26 square miles of vacant lots .
you can watch the ripples again washing over the table , the tomato and the wall in the back .
since i was a small boy , i used to work in my room for the whole day , and i even took apart my mom &apos;s new radio , and that day she almost killed me , but i learned a lot about electronics .
but unfortunately i have to inform you that in 2007 , a very inspired nyu ph.d. student counted all the models on the runway , every single one that was hired , and of the  UNK  models that were hired , only 27 , or less than four percent , were  UNK  .
i dream big , but my family dreams even bigger for me .
less than a month ago , he and his daughter were on their way from  UNK  to their village , and they literally missed being killed by a roadside bomb by minutes .
i could get them in a worse situation than they were already in .
just like  UNK  million other americans , i live in a food desert , south central los angeles , home of the  UNK  and the  UNK  .
and the  UNK  said , &quot; yes , that &apos;s why we have no agriculture here . &quot;
eventually , after our long journey , my family and i were reunited in south korea , but getting to freedom is only half the battle .
it &apos;s all around us . we just don &apos;t see it .
so now you &apos;re rebuilding christchurch without knowing what the smartest people in christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
who will he become because someone took a stand and made a difference in his life ?
it &apos;s everywhere .
when they came out of the shaft , they were  UNK  wet from their own sweat .
can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , the intelligence and the passion ?
from 1971 to 1977 -- i look young , but i &apos;m not — -- i worked in zambia , kenya , ivory coast , algeria , somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with african countries .
when i was seven years old , i saw my first public execution , but i thought my life in north korea was normal .
&quot; before i die , i want to sing for millions . &quot;
this picture is the very first picture that i ever took , and it &apos;s also the very first time that i had worn a  UNK  , and i didn &apos;t even have my period yet .
so i didn &apos;t give up . i continued .
it was the only way we both could be educated .
what do bullets do ? bullets kill , and they will kill your presentation .
although there was a 19th-century newspaper editor who defined it rather better when he said , &quot; a  UNK  is a fellow who seeks office regardless of party , platform or principle , and who , when he wins , gets there by the sheer force of monumental  UNK   UNK  . &quot;
the dyed black hands are the father , while the blue and red hands are his sons .
we &apos;ve had , like , 50 people come to our  UNK  and participate , and it &apos;s all volunteers .
a slide like this is not only boring , but it relies too much on the language area of our brain , and causes us to become overwhelmed .
even though they were caught , they were eventually released after heavy international pressure .
the day of the tsunami , he &apos;d actually been in charge of making sure the tsunami gates were closed .
i always wondered why they had lights but we didn &apos;t .
i am not against wind energy , but we need to work with the governments , because wind turbines do this to birds . they slice them in half .
that &apos;s all this project was about , about restoring those little bits of humanity , giving someone that connection back .
but even after we got past the border , my family was arrested and jailed for illegal border crossing .
this strange and awesome sight was like walking into ancient egypt or dante &apos;s inferno .
a real school .
how can we lend and borrow more things without knocking on each other &apos;s doors at a bad time ?
today i use a microwave because i cannot take the big induction machine here onstage .
we have groups of volunteers supporting the enterprise facilitator to help you to find resources and people and we have discovered that the miracle of the intelligence of local people is such that you can change the culture and the economy of this community just by capturing the passion , the energy and imagination of your own people .
we cleaned schools . we  UNK  and  UNK  homes ready for  UNK  and rehabilitation .
even though adjusting to life in south korea was not easy , i made a plan .
that &apos;s why the white people in africa are called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; boss .
that &apos;s double the amount of people taken from africa during the entire  UNK  slave trade .
thank you .
and so i stand here today , afghan by blood ,  UNK  by the grace of god , an atheist and a radically  UNK  artist who &apos;s been living , working and creating in afghanistan for the last nine years .
it &apos;s 150 feet by 10 feet .
and , my favorite is ,  UNK  are better looking .
the air is thick with heat and dust , and it &apos;s hard to breathe .
but if we don &apos;t change the composition of the soil , we will never do this .
but , coca-cola did not sponsor this research .
they will come the first day and they see the  UNK  , and they go back , but the second day , they &apos;ll come and they say , this thing is not moving here , it &apos;s always here .
&quot; as i worked , i couldn &apos;t help but think about the individuals and the stories represented in the images .
we made it all the way to the border of  UNK  , but i had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in  UNK  .
reality and history have endowed that title with grandeur .
english was so important in south korea , so i had to start learning my third language .
but nobody helped them , because they were so focused on taking care of themselves and their families .
and everybody got insanely bored , actually , because this debate went on for three weeks .
and i was very proud .
so , dancing is one of the most human of activities .
and they weren &apos;t even being  UNK  there , they had the idea that you could be elected king for a fixed term .
from the sound , we can actually track the vocal fold position as it vibrates , and just as the limbs are affected in parkinson &apos;s , so too are the vocal organs .
i couldn &apos;t give them money , nothing .
i had moved to new york city for my first job as a writer and editor at  UNK  magazine .
yet today , entire families can be enslaved for generations over a debt as small as $ 18 .
why would anyone stay with a man who beats her ?
the first time , i was driving to find a secret beach and i got lost , and he punched me in the side of my head so hard that the other side of my head repeatedly hit the driver &apos;s side window .
enveloped in temperatures of 130 degrees , men , women , children , entire families in fact , were  UNK  in a heavy blanket of dust , while mechanically stacking bricks on their head , up to 18 at a time , and carrying them from the  UNK   UNK  to trucks hundreds of yards away .
you could be the president of the united states , or the inventor of the next internet , or a ninja  UNK  surgeon poet , which would be awesome , because you &apos;d be the first one . &quot;
so we still have the specimen here . it &apos;s quite warm .
so why did i do that ?
these are the guys , they helped me  UNK  the truck .
peter  UNK  was a professor of philosophy before becoming involved in business , and this is what peter  UNK  says : &quot; planning is actually incompatible with an entrepreneurial society and economy . &quot;
patronizing , i treat everybody from another culture as if they were my servants .
we have the opportunity to start to search for the early biomarkers of the disease before it &apos;s too late .
this drug has now been banned for veterinary use in india , and they have taken a stand .
to him , there was greater risk in not educating his children .
more recently , if you &apos;ve been following the kenyan press — — these are the attributes that they associated the kenyan mps with . but i want to challenge that .
the skeletal tree limbs submerged in lake volta often catch the fishing nets , and weary , frightened children are thrown into the water to  UNK  the lines .
because , you see , at least we fed the  UNK  .
one day , my worst nightmare came true , when i was caught by the chinese police and brought to the police station for interrogation .
now you can learn three interesting things from this .
so i think these are just a few keys that can help the rest of us to open that door and see the wonderland that is science and engineering .
he wasn &apos;t alone when he started .
thank you .
because autistic or not , the differences that we have -- we &apos;ve got a gift ! everyone &apos;s got a gift inside of us , and in all honesty , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
approaching my daughter &apos;s third birthday , my wife said , &quot; hey , why don &apos;t you take  UNK  back to new york and make it a father-daughter trip , and continue the ritual ? &quot;
you don &apos;t have to design a whole new set of hospitals to do it .
so we did aging on the samples , did a lot of loading on it , healed them with our induction machine , and healed them and tested them again .
the most important thing is passion .
i was so scared , i thought my heart was going to explode .
so they wanted to give him the  UNK  ,  UNK  , most pathetic title that they could think of .
so actually , the conclusion from this research is that if we go on the road every four years with our healing machine -- this is the big version we have made to go on the real road -- if we go on the road every four years we can double the surface life of this road , which of course saves a lot of money .
if you ain &apos;t a gardener , you ain &apos;t gangsta .
the question , &quot; why does she stay ? &quot;
you &apos;d be surprised what the soil could do if you let it be your canvas .
jargon is a barrier to our understanding of your ideas .
porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the highways in the netherlands , it has pores and water can just rain through it , so all the rainwater will flow away to the sides , and you have a road that &apos;s easy to drive on , so no splash water anymore .
it was on a strip of land that we call a  UNK  .
you have to learn how to get these people to come and talk to you .
and after a few months went by , i realized that he was different .
potholes , of course , that can become a problem , but we have a solution .
he did this especially at the beginning by  UNK  me .
as the chinese officer approached my family , i  UNK  stood up , and i told him that these are deaf and dumb people that i was  UNK  .
he was trembling when our boat approached , frightened it would run over his tiny canoe .
and where else can the  UNK   UNK  go , but run for parliament and do a public installation campaign with the slogan : &quot; vote for me ! i &apos;ve done jihad , and i &apos;m rich . &quot;
and i &apos;m insecure because i have to think about what i look like every day .
over 85 percent of  UNK  are men , and domestic abuse happens only in intimate , interdependent , long-term relationships , in other words , in families , the last place we would want or expect to find violence , which is one reason domestic abuse is so confusing .
thinking about death  UNK  your life .
and i hope what you &apos;re seeing is that these pictures are not pictures of me .
&quot; you can go to a real school now , &quot; he said .
you have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it .
so on the bottom trace , you can see an example of irregular vocal fold tremor .
a huge famine hit north korea in the mid-1990s .
thank you .
now , as photographers , you know , if you take a short exposure photo , you get very little light , but we &apos;re going to go a billion times faster than your shortest exposure , so you &apos;re going to get hardly any light .
when something becomes  UNK  cost , it becomes massively scalable .
so that &apos;s what we did here . you see where we were making the test road , and then of course this road will last several years without any damage . that &apos;s what we know from practice .
i met  UNK  on a cold , rainy january night .
and now you &apos;re of course curious if it also worked .
we victims need everyone .
amongst all the astonishing people i met there , i met a supporter of free the slaves , an ngo dedicated to eradicating modern day slavery .
where am i from ? who am i ?
it wasn &apos;t until , for example ,  UNK  that the british parliament allowed newspapers to report the exact words that were said in the debating chamber .
so what i want to propose to you as an unconventional way in which we can try to achieve this , because , you see , in one sense , at least , we are all  UNK  like my friend jan  UNK  .
it &apos;ll be a very boring movie — — of a slow , ordinary bullet in motion .
i am on this stage because i am a pretty , white woman , and in my industry we call that a sexy girl .
so i put the specimen in , which i &apos;m now going to take out to see what happened .
these girls were so lucky .
and of course , barring surgery , or the fake tan that i got two days ago for work , there &apos;s very little that we can do to transform how we look , and how we look , though it is superficial and  UNK  , has a huge impact on our lives .
UNK  are amongst the most threatened group of birds .
even though he held those loaded guns to my head , pushed me down stairs , threatened to kill our dog , pulled the key out of the car  UNK  as i drove down the highway , poured coffee  UNK  on my head as i dressed for a job interview , i never once thought of myself as a battered wife .
it has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
and that &apos;s how it looks to lions when they come at night .
they clean up carcasses right to the bone .
and so , in the end , the senate won and the house of representatives lost , because nobody &apos;s going to feel that humble when they &apos;re told that they are now the president of the united states of america .
he has a selective one , though .
and like ballet , it takes an extraordinary level of training .
she said she remembers her heart bursting out of her chest when she saw that place for the very first time nine years earlier .
and i helped these five fishermen to work together and get this beautiful tuna not to the cannery in  UNK  for 60 cents a kilo , but we found a way to take the fish for sushi to japan for 15 dollars a kilo , and the farmers came to talk to me , said , &quot; hey , you helped them . can you help us ? &quot;
because while we take the same photo , our perspectives change , and she reaches new milestones , and i get to see life through her eyes , and how she interacts with and sees everything .
some north koreans in china seek asylum in foreign  UNK  , but many can be caught by the chinese police and  UNK  .
this is the  UNK  river , which serves as a part of the border between north korea and china .
we &apos;re going to fire those bullets of light , and they &apos;re going to hit this wall , and because the packet of the photons , they will scatter in all the directions , and some of them will reach our hidden  UNK  , which in turn will again scatter that light , and again in turn the door will reflect some of that scattered light , and a tiny fraction of the photons will actually come back to the camera , but most interestingly , they will all arrive at a slightly different time slot .
your money can be stolen . you can be forced to leave your home during a war .
a lifeless woman was lying on the ground , while an  UNK  child in her arms just stared helplessly at his mother &apos;s face .
i can &apos;t reveal many details &#91; about &#93; how i left north korea , but i only can say that during the ugly years of the famine i was sent to china to live with distant relatives .
so , well , i do applied math , and this is a peculiar problem for anyone who does applied math , is that we are like management consultants .
i mean , these people had nothing , and they were so petrified , they wanted to give up , but the woman in the center  UNK  for them to  UNK  , and  UNK  on the ground helped them get a quarry lease of their own , so that now they do the same  UNK  work , but they do it for themselves , and they get paid for it , and they do it in freedom .
and across the world , every 20 minutes , one new person is diagnosed with autism , and although it &apos;s one of the fastest-growing developmental disorders in the world , there is no known cause or cure .
i even went through an identity crisis .
and so , scientists and engineers , when you &apos;ve solved this equation , by all means , talk nerdy to me .
now don &apos;t get me wrong .
it was very time-consuming .
as you can see , the solar panel charges the battery , and the battery supplies the power to the small indicator box . i call it a transformer .
&quot; we have no freedom , &quot; they said .
we happened to be back in new york exactly a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
someone had accused me of being north korean , so they tested my chinese language abilities and asked me tons of questions .
but i came to realize that that didn &apos;t really help , because it was even helping the lions to see through the  UNK  .
you &apos;d be surprised how kids are affected by this .
not that catchy .
extraordinary .
i know we &apos;re getting personal , but i was a young girl .
one of the smartest things  UNK  did , from the very beginning , was to create the illusion that i was the dominant partner in the relationship .
we have zero infrastructure .
it &apos;s not to say that our mothers aren &apos;t key in our success .
then you need a machine , like you see here , that you can use for cooking -- an induction machine .
i &apos;ve spent most of my career working for fortune 500 companies including johnson &amp; amp ; johnson , leo  UNK  and the washington post .
on march 11 , 2011 , i watched from home , as the rest of the world did , as the tragic events unfolded in japan .
now , i live in new orleans , and i am in love with new orleans .
and this was actually all down to the bravery of a guy with the extraordinary name of brass  UNK  , who took on parliament .
we meet at the cafe . we meet at the pub .
i would like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
he was petrified he would be knocked in the water .
and who &apos;s going to take him seriously if he &apos;s got a silly little title like president of the united states of america ?
i hear voices talking , but mostly the shaft is this cacophony of men coughing , and stone being broken with primitive tools .
and they &apos;re both accurate . okay , but in addition ,  UNK  tests are  UNK  .
growing your own food is like printing your own money .
but to really show you how words and politics interact , i want to take you back to the united states of america , just after they &apos;d achieved independence .
and after three weeks of debate , in the end the senate did not cave in .
so here we have a video of the vibrating vocal folds .
they help to kill all the bacteria . they help absorb anthrax that would otherwise spread and cause huge livestock losses and diseases in other animals .
it &apos;s very easy to do more damage to those damaged photos .
what i &apos;ve come to realize about afghanistan , and this is something that is often dismissed in the west , that behind most of us who succeed is a father who recognizes the value in his daughter and who sees that her success is his success .
when you look at the ripples under the cap , the ripples are moving away from us .
to me , afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities , and every single day the girls of  UNK  remind me of that .
what i will never have again , ever , is a loaded gun held to my head by someone who says that he loves me .
she retired two years ago , only to turn our house into a school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
right now , maybe you &apos;re thinking , &quot; wow , this is fascinating , &quot; or , &quot; wow , how stupid was she , &quot; but this whole time , i &apos;ve actually been talking about you .
it may even be your story .
it was 7 a.m. i still had on my nightgown .
so do you still not want to continue ? &quot;
and i &apos;ll tell you why .
i remember this time , there was this mother and a daughter came , it was , like , 10 : 30 at night , and they were in my yard , and i came out and they looked so ashamed .
so i got an old car battery , an indicator box . it &apos;s a small device found in a motorcycle , and it helps  UNK  when they want to turn right or left . it blinks .
i want them to take it , but at the same time , i want them to take back their health . &quot;
so whether it &apos;s for photography around corners , or creating the next generation of health imaging , or creating new visualizations , since our invention , we have  UNK  all the data and details on our website , and our hope is that the diy , the creative and the research community will show us that we should stop  UNK  about the  UNK  in cameras — — and start focusing on the next dimension in imaging .
this is a satellite picture showing north korea at night compared to neighbors .
and when presenting your work , drop the bullet points .
liquor stores , fast food , vacant lots .
sure , you can say &quot; spatial and temporal , &quot; but why not just say &quot; space and time , &quot; which is so much more accessible to us ?
but i cast my mind back to the things that they &apos;ve taught me about individuality and communication and love , and i realize that these are things that i wouldn &apos;t want to change with normality .
there &apos;s another time when i put a garden in this homeless shelter in downtown los angeles .
my grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
we had a victory on our hands .
what we do , we work one-on-one , and to work one-on-one , you have to create a social infrastructure that doesn &apos;t exist .
which presentation have you applauded the most this morning ?
afghanistan looks so different from here in america .
even though i was really fortunate to get out , many other north koreans have not been so lucky .
i promise you there are several people listening to me right now who are currently being abused or who were abused as children or who are  UNK  themselves .
my story begins when i was in new york city for a speaking engagement , and my wife took this picture of me holding my daughter on her first birthday . we &apos;re on the corner of  UNK  and 5th .
and so the senate won in the end .
then he pointed toward this barely visible  UNK  , and said , &quot; this is the path , this is the path . go . &quot;
how does light look in slow motion ?
so these photos are far more than  UNK  for a single moment , or even a specific trip .
that &apos;s enough space to plant  UNK  million tomato plants .
peace . thank you .
you see , i was six when the taliban took over afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school .
talk about what you heard here .
i was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was prized and daughters were  UNK  .
and here &apos;s where those guns come in .
i was so shocked .
and this way , we know the distances , of course to the door , but also to the hidden objects , but we don &apos;t know which point corresponds to which distance .
if kids grow  UNK  , kids eat  UNK  .
they thought it was tried and tested .
wrong . they were all enslaved .
a total maverick from a remote province of afghanistan , he insisted that his daughter , my mom , go to school , and for that he was  UNK  by his father .
i thought , age 21 , that we italians were good people and we were doing good work in africa .
i &apos;d also note that i &apos;m quite privileged to be able to transform what you think of me in a very brief 10 seconds .
i don &apos;t know about you , but aside from these 15 shots , i &apos;m not in many of the family photos .
instead , this example slide by  UNK  brown is much more effective . it &apos;s showing that the special structure of  UNK  are so strong that they actually inspired the unique design of the eiffel tower .
so one night , i was walking around the  UNK  with a torch , and that day , the lions didn &apos;t come .
this was one of the lowest points in my life .
that &apos;s the whole idea .
so what &apos;s being done ? well , we &apos;re conducting research on these birds . we &apos;re putting transmitters on them .
and we can take all that raw data and treat it in very interesting ways .
you know , he changed his mind when he came back , and i &apos;ll tell you why .
thank you very much .
so you got this scholarship . yep .
this young child is eight years old .
also , asphalt can create a lot of noise .
because i &apos;m not in charge of anything , and you could be the editor in chief of american  UNK  or the ceo of h &amp; amp ; m , or the next steven  UNK  .
if some of the women were really horrified when i came out , you don &apos;t have to tell me now , but i &apos;ll find out later on twitter .
but it &apos;s very important that words are at the center of politics , and all politicians know they have to try and control language .
there was no question that his children would receive an education , including his daughters , despite the taliban , despite the risks .
and when we do this , who knows ?
we can do high-frequency monitoring to get objective data .
but i know electric fences are already invented , but i want to make mine .
i live near this house , and i thought about how i could make it a nicer space for my neighborhood , and i also thought about something that changed my life forever .
hi . my name is cameron russell , and for the last little while i &apos;ve been a model .
now , the whole event
yet beyond the tantrums and the frustration and the never-ending hyperactivity was something really unique : a pure and innocent nature , a boy who saw the world without prejudice , a human who had never lied .
and my idea is also being used now all over kenya for scaring other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it &apos;s also being used to scare elephants away from people &apos;s farms .
do they know where we live ?
plus i got tired of driving 45 minutes round trip to get an apple that wasn &apos;t impregnated with pesticides .
i just totally transformed what you thought of me in six seconds .
and he very clearly explained to me that emotional displays are very dangerous in a place like this , not just for me , but for them .
photography has been my passion ever since i was old enough to pick up a camera , but today i want to share with you the 15 most  UNK  photos of mine , and i didn &apos;t take any of them .
i remember looking into their tired ,  UNK  eyes , for many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
actually , for 10 years .
first of all , why do they have such a bad press ?
that was awkward .
and because we have a camera that can run so fast , our  UNK  , it has some unique abilities .
really scared . scared of these students with their big brains and their big books and their big , unfamiliar words .
we delight at ballet  UNK  and tap dancers you will see later on .
he had just been really stressed out by the wedding and by becoming a family with me .
some other heroes can become invisible , but what about a new power for a future superhero : to see around corners ?
in a year , i had 27 projects going on , and the government came to see me to say , &quot; how can you do that ?
because this time it wasn &apos;t coming up .
and it &apos;s not science fiction . we have actually built it .
i do have too many  UNK  heels which i never get to wear , except for earlier , but the free stuff that i get is the free stuff that i get in real life , and that &apos;s what we don &apos;t like to talk about .
then what you do is you heat up the steel , you melt the  UNK  , and the  UNK  will flow into these  UNK  , and the stones are again fixed to the surface .
ultimately , more than a million north koreans died during the famine , and many only survived by eating grass , bugs and tree bark .
we tested a lot of specimens there , and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s very interesting . we have to try that . &quot;
and my second message is that everyone thinks domestic violence happens to women , that it &apos;s a women &apos;s issue .
what we have to look at is at how we feed , cure , educate , transport , communicate for seven billion people in a sustainable way .
this is on the street for a reason .
it &apos;s tragic that north koreans have to hide their identities and struggle so hard just to survive .
i have a  UNK  in english from harvard college , an mba in marketing from  UNK  business school .
we are at the end of the first industrial revolution --  UNK  fossil fuels , manufacturing -- and all of a sudden , we have systems which are not sustainable .
recast survivors as wonderful , lovable people with full futures .
my friend got to come with me .
and i discovered that lions are afraid of a moving light .
so what i want to do here , we gotta make this sexy .
this guy has to go and sign treaties and meet foreign  UNK  .
and making your ideas accessible is not the same as  UNK  it down .
now , if you take that bullet and take this packet of photons and fire into this bottle , how will those photons shatter into this bottle ?
thank you .
all because they want to sound like the guy who &apos;s got the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
since my family couldn &apos;t speak chinese , i had to guide them , somehow , through more than 2,000 miles in china and then into southeast asia .
many have been tricked by false promises of a good education , a better job , only to find that they &apos;re forced to work without pay under the threat of violence , and they cannot walk away .
so max , by taking all these samples of , let &apos;s say , 10,000 people , you &apos;ll be able to tell who &apos;s healthy and who &apos;s not ?
it was an isolated incident , and he was never going to hurt me again .
a warrant for planting food on a piece of land that you could care less about ? &quot;
i have that black lab , and i have that  UNK  .
so with gardening , i see an opportunity where we can train these kids to take over their communities , to have a sustainable life .
they had to get out quickly , so i started planning how to help them escape .
UNK  was the symbol of the protector and the  UNK  , and together with the cobra , symbolized the unity between upper and lower egypt .
nairobi national park is not  UNK  in the south widely , which means wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park freely .
and this is how i decided to maintain it .
thank you very much .
she &apos;s not north korean . &quot;
and especially if you then ride with your bicycle , and pass these cars , then that &apos;s not very nice .
just because it sounds so good .
now , it was emotional and it was inspiring , and i &apos;ve always heard about thinking outside the box , but it wasn &apos;t until i had actually gotten outside of my box that something happened .
i &apos;m not talking about no free shit , because free is not sustainable .
let me tell you a secret .
so this is our reconstruction .
power  UNK  also became more and more frequent , so everything around me was completely dark at night except for the sea of lights in china , just across the river from my home .
if they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
otherwise , that little girl isn &apos;t going to look like that little girl anymore , and surely that &apos;s as tragic as having the photo damaged .
when charles darwin went across the atlantic in  UNK  on the  UNK  , he saw the turkey  UNK  , and he said , &quot; these are disgusting birds with bald  UNK  heads that are formed to  UNK  in  UNK  . &quot;
and when we &apos;re backstage , we give an answer that maybe makes it seem like that .
and how can we share more of our hopes for our vacant  UNK  , so our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today ?
i read a diary of this poor senator , who just keeps coming back , &quot; still on this subject . &quot;
i traded my converse black  UNK  for a pair of brown leather sandals and launched a rocket towards government tanks that i couldn &apos;t even see .
and we could not believe , and we were telling the  UNK  , &quot; look how easy agriculture is . &quot;
were we being followed ?
i mean , just think how long it takes a child to learn to speak .
i realized that the man who i loved so much was going to kill me if i let him .
her photos were found by her husband &apos;s colleagues at a local fire department in the debris a long way from where the home had once stood , and they &apos;d recognized him .
so this is the specimen coming out now .
l.a. leads the united states in vacant lots that the city actually owns .
they were collecting them up , and handing them in to various places around the different towns for  UNK  .
this was the very first .
we all knew we were risking our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
the reason is that they &apos;re getting poisoned , and the reason that they &apos;re getting poisoned is because there &apos;s  UNK  conflicts . the  UNK  communities are using this poison to target predators , and in return , the  UNK  are falling victim to this .
so we can benefit from the international community for education , english language training , job training , and more .
i was 22 , and in the united states , women ages 16 to 24 are three times as likely to be domestic violence victims as women of other ages , and over 500 women and girls this age are killed every year by abusive partners , boyfriends , and husbands in the united states .
terrified of his master , he will not run away , and since he &apos;s been treated with cruelty all his life , he passes that down to the younger slaves that he manages .
just as i was starting to get used to my new life , i received a shocking phone call .
this one was taken just weeks after 9 / 11 , and i found myself trying to explain what had happened that day in ways a five-year-old could understand .
thing is , it &apos;s owned by the city .
the exciting thing is that i see students at my school with ambition grabbing at opportunity .
the city has some of the most beautiful architecture in the world , but it also has one of the highest amounts of abandoned properties in america .
there are a lot of ways the people around us can help improve our lives .
i went back and forth between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to get my family out , but i didn &apos;t have enough money to pay a bribe or fine anymore .
there she is .
UNK  also have tremendous historical significance .
i decided when i was 27 years old to only respond to people , and i invented a system called enterprise  UNK  , where you never initiate anything , you never motivate anybody , but you become a servant of the local passion , the servant of local people who have a dream to become a better person .
so i &apos;m like , &quot; cool . i can do whatever the hell i want , since it &apos;s my responsibility and i gotta maintain it . &quot;
okay , so the next question people always ask me is , &quot; do you get free stuff ? &quot;
for weeks , all the volunteers and locals alike had been finding similar things .
thank you .
UNK  lived and reigned in his own world , with his own rules , and he found pleasure in the smallest things , like lining up cars around the room and staring at the washing machine and eating anything that came in between .
UNK  , i treat anybody from a different culture as if they were my children . &quot; i love you so much . &quot;
but i &apos;m also happy and honored to be up here and i think that it &apos;s great that i got to come before 10 or 20 or 30 years had passed and i &apos;d had more agency in my career , because maybe then i wouldn &apos;t tell the story of how i got my first job , or maybe i wouldn &apos;t tell the story of how i paid for college , which seems so important right now .
we started talking about slavery , and really , i started learning about slavery , for i had certainly known it existed in the world , but not to such a degree .
her name was joan , and she was a mother to me , and her death was sudden and unexpected .
what i &apos;m talking about is putting people to work , and getting kids off the street , and letting them know the joy , the pride and the honor in growing your own food , opening farmer &apos;s markets .
we see vocal tremor , weakness and  UNK  .
as i looked through the photos , there were some were over a hundred years old , some still in the envelope from the processing lab , i couldn &apos;t help but think as a  UNK  that i could fix that tear and mend that scratch , and i knew hundreds of people who could do the same .
take your science , subtract your bullet points and your jargon , divide by relevance , meaning share what &apos;s relevant to the audience , and multiply it by the passion that you have for this incredible work that you &apos;re doing , and that is going to equal incredible interactions that are full of understanding .
and i think this is why the nairobi national park lions are few .
this morning , the gentleman who opened this conference lay a stick on the floor , and said , &quot; can we -- can you imagine a city that is not  UNK  ? &quot;
it &apos;s my way of helping other victims , and it &apos;s my final request of you .
you have to create a new profession .
anyone healthy or with parkinson &apos;s can call in , cheaply , and leave recordings , a few cents each , and i &apos;m really happy to announce that we &apos;ve already hit six percent of our target just in eight hours .
and my neighboring homes heard about this idea .
the north korean authorities  UNK  some money that i sent to my family , and , as a punishment , my family was going to be forcibly removed to a desolate location in the countryside .
now , it wasn &apos;t until this point that i realized that these photos were such a huge part of the personal loss these people had felt .
we &apos;re talking to them about appreciating  UNK  , about the need from within to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
the smartest people in your community you don &apos;t even know , because they don &apos;t come to your public meetings .
many of them drown .
we don &apos;t bump into every neighbor , so a lot of wisdom never gets passed on , though we do share the same public spaces .
and because the engineers that i &apos;ve worked with have taught me to become really in touch with my inner nerd , i want to summarize with an equation .
the city came down on me , and basically gave me a citation saying that i had to remove my garden , which this citation was turning into a warrant .
even after learning a new language and getting a job , their whole world can be turned upside down in an instant .
when you walk out of this room , you will be informed about  UNK  , but speak to your families , to your children , to your neighbors about  UNK  .
planning is the kiss of death of entrepreneurship .
the waters here have been recorded at reaching over 24 meters in height , and traveled over two miles inland .
many north koreans are separated from their families , and when they arrive in a new country , they start with little or no money .
he &apos;s not greedy . he doesn &apos;t see skin color .
and i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
i &apos;m not a psychiatrist , a social worker or an expert in domestic violence .
so , in the future , when this  UNK  is in your camera phone , you might be able to go to a supermarket and check if the fruit is ripe without actually touching it .
to me , this is the saddest and most painful question that people ask , because we victims know something you usually don &apos;t : it &apos;s incredibly dangerous to leave an  UNK  .
so i want to encourage everyone today to get in the shot , and don &apos;t hesitate to go up to someone and ask , &quot; will you take our picture ? &quot;
i would want to quit , but my father , he would say , &quot; listen , my daughter , you can lose everything you own in your life .
