we &apos;re very poor .
but let &apos;s think about them in a way to organize their own lives .
if we were caught , first of whom i was and i and then i would drink .
that &apos;s a small application that you can link with fire .
and then produce a  UNK  machine .
oh yeah , you &apos;ve got a party party and maybe you listen to a speaker guy , but you won &apos;t hear somebody who edited their mistakes .
but another thing .
they wanted to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t go . &quot;
i used it to do the survey in the south of the south of the southern year china and the
because now we &apos;re not just enjoying it , we &apos;re in .
so these communities started evolutionary evolution , which evolution occurred is not on a cell , but a colony that we call life .
another way of thinking about this is not whether or not whether or do you guys if you have a right ?
in fact , our genes , there &apos;s the same rule , and this is exactly like that .
and we opened this little clump of  UNK  in the shop .
at the end of the process , i &apos;m going to show the perfect show .
we &apos;re trying to help people convicted .
and i myself  UNK  myself that if i try to be double , and to never make any mistakes anymore , please to stop the  UNK  of conscience .
after two years , i learned that specifically specifically with local authorities , the  UNK  rats .
and there are seven million people who were  UNK  or  UNK  .
and that turns out that it &apos;s more obvious , the more specifically , the more becomes more effective effort to help people save more .
oh , i loved my mom , so i promised the day , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
i came up to ted , because i believe that many of you understand that the great moral sphere of this life is so long , but it &apos;s in public justice .
and find the best outhouse at the top .
and i kept asking myself .
anyone in all you can become famous on the internet in the next week .
the  UNK  -- giant has been a big brother -- ed won championships on the ground on the bottom of a  UNK  .
they use their own hands .
and that means 10 times the scarf , the khmer rouge would stop three times .
and i mention this because i think that identity is really important .
crime crime has declined a lot of three decades .
it connects these two people together .
i really think that there is a lot of unequal countries with fairness .
i want to admit with you one thing .
we  UNK  ourselves on our own level of a new level that we don &apos;t remember before .
her father was born in slave in virginia in virginia .
they were driven for other purposes -- cause the government , dissent , and sometimes even pee .
now there are two different types of different types .
i looked at his counterpart , he &apos;s a  UNK  .
she was sick that i was so high that i saw my father , and then she left me .
and so the next process is going to be very interesting about life on a billion years .
humans should think that this issue affecting people are sure when they &apos;re in time , when they &apos;re in their predators , &quot; they kill animals and they don &apos;t know what they did . &quot;
and scientists have created all these different tasks that these ceos are involved , and they spend a lot of time to make their decisions through those tasks .
the centers were founded .
i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
it &apos;s hard to say how the image is made .
this is steve  UNK  from  UNK  , poland .
and ending the  UNK  . &quot;
make money !
and put the  UNK  of gossip .
so there &apos;s a little bit of motivation .
and all of each time , it turns out , they are divided in a chemical ingredient in them .
now if i look at these programs , i can &apos;t tell people how it works .
did you know what a call for a  UNK  ?
and even if he &apos;s walking away from his head , he &apos;s kind of like her .
and then it brought the international stage .
my story starts here , in rajasthan , about two years ago .
so what i &apos;d like to talk about is that , the body is the moment that we are .
but it did something without a government .
the light , the sound , the solar panel , the engine -- everything is accessible .
nobody has to allow your ideas .
in the &apos; 70s -- oh , no , i started from the &apos; 60s -- europe , a lot of developers .
every time you do , you have to name it , and you name it first .
so before i went , the ward ward and people were angry about how we talked about ethnicity , about development , and about inequality .
so i &apos;m perfect .
it has to be  UNK  .
and i think that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
there was a patient that i thought was the kidney kidney .
transistors are a plastic electronics that will take us from the world of the  UNK  against the world that are interacting with each other .
and whenever you &apos;re in a city like a  UNK  that somebody who you can use your iphone , and for a couple of weeks i can train the app on the microsoft &apos;s licenses to find the closest devices that can save lives .
we need to say something that i chose , not a choice for choice .
who knows that information ?
so i felt like our mobile phones , our  UNK  clock and our camera were making us .
so the main reason is that , because what we can love to look at the great wall of the  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , , , , , , , , , , , .
it &apos;s all important .
and i went back to work .
and do you know what people don &apos;t want to talk about the worst situations ?
and we built a smartphone app .
and we know that it doesn &apos;t mean when you think about 30 , 50 years after that everything is going to be very different from a very simple way that we can do in this moment .
chicago chicago software to allow everyone to  UNK  the hood when i hid .
we wanted to see the world of makers , inventors and hobbyists , because the world , where we are living , the world of our world .
they make creative inspiration .
completely unexpected and humor , casey  UNK  gave her ideas and my hands for five million views .
she can &apos;t have changed .
there are now some of the cities now on the app using this application .
we don &apos;t think it &apos;s a simple .
and he goes closer and hug me .
i learned in medicine in the  UNK  classroom , and began to work , and every single impulse of each individual has come from the arteries , but the complex disease , the rare .
today , we can do it with  UNK  and machines .
maybe i &apos;m right now .
and half of the customers left , go from the lower option , four engines , and then i got a higher option , 3,000 pounds .
&quot; do you remember the patient &apos;s hip ? &quot;
but if i can show that and still see me , and i &apos;m going to show me .
in a certain amount of time in the book , it will show you in secret .
but they were quickly built the same construction built in the world .
and i graduated high school with me is that if i remember all and i know it , or more , as possible , the more i know , &apos; i know , &apos; i &apos;m going to be immune to the wrong answer .
these cell colony , once again , starts scribbling .
it knows what we are .
but the first  UNK  concrete was produced in  UNK  , with very simple ideas : independent  UNK  with the same size .
some of my mistakes happened in the last five years .
we have a good thing from the center of biodiversity , the number of whales , the number of killer of killer of your country , the source of water supply .
so the question is , how do people accept this ?
the result is more than 10,000 hours of youtube on youtube .
love technology , like creativity .
and so when i saw the ipad , i saw it was a  UNK   UNK  storytelling connection connecting across the world .
this is about race and about whether we should deserve them .
it &apos;s a good news , because we &apos;re going to have more than the traditional actions of technology
in order to do that , i &apos;m going to talk about a lot of what &apos;s actually irrelevant with technology and computers .
i wanted to represent the voice for children .
there &apos;s a very serious line on how it doesn &apos;t have the right side of this country .
but the person came up and said to me , &quot; he  UNK  , he talks the talk , talks talk , talks talk , talks talk to people who don &apos;t consider us as terrorism as the first time in the history of history .
and who can predict anything about this ?
i asked the water to that patient &apos;s patient &apos;s couch and memorize his colleagues saw him .
this inflated  UNK  kim came up to  UNK  the number of fish , and they actually have pretty much tougher , they got more crushing than the average income in ghana .
for example , the story story that some of people who talked about because they were looking at because they were seeing a lot of seeing a lot of fish in this area that they can &apos;t eat or not often caused by scientists , because they &apos;re not  UNK  science .
make those easy techniques and start with them to make sense of the patients in groups .
and i think about this .
as a child , i had a collection of collections , rocks and countless .
that &apos;s when you &apos;re all about emotions and politics at  UNK  and all the things that make us , angry , and its essence , in the heart of the heart , &quot; they don &apos;t act as well . &quot;
all right .
and so here &apos;s the new book , and the world is becoming a tiny little trap that i dragged in this sample of this device .
it &apos;s a  UNK  reduction .
and then there &apos;s another nurse , there &apos;s no nurses in three months before , but another nurse , told me three things that most of my wife knows .
we still think it  UNK  .
and say , &quot; hey , what do you do ? &quot;
thank you .
they were always worried about what they will be about their place .
it looks like motion .
here , these are  UNK  .
we managed to reinvent the past that people can &apos;t perceive it because the black hole has come and is at the bottom position .
this is a  UNK  arrangement .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two positions -- the  UNK  and the people who don &apos;t , the doctors who are not asleep , and the who , who &apos;s got married , who &apos;s got married and the person who ended up .
the shore is a different place .
i was at philips hospital in a hospital hospital school at this conference , and when she was  UNK  in the e.r. hospital where i worked .
i was sitting in a hotel room in sydney , at the moment of three miles away from turkey , in melbourne .
my third little story is that when i &apos;m a person who &apos;s working on trying to make volumetric materials from the boat .
it &apos;s for those who can see that predators are protected and those who can benefit from the profound understanding of how to make their bodies .
and i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot; and then we started to argue .
i know she had come to my vow .
we have to invest in plumbing processing .
in south africa , people knew that they couldn &apos;t go to the regime , if they weren &apos;t committed to the truth and to flowers .
and the more we can look more in the choices that we can be better in the practice
but everything is going to be , if the government can attack the units of providing incentives .
the book is scrolls &apos; wax is going to be released , and essentially it statistically and statistics use to build a baseball hill .
of course , every mission is made a lot of small choices .
it &apos;s not really what &apos;s true , it &apos;s what we think it &apos;s true .
and what i learned is unfortunately error everywhere .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to build a nice , but the beautiful beautiful trees .
and only working in the cultural culture that proves that the system is controlled by human beings , and when the person controls the system , they get the wrong force .
and you can &apos;t only do it with these kinds of technologies like this , but by the way .
but what happens with  UNK   UNK  .
when i talk about authenticity , i mean my authenticity .
ladies and gentlemen ,  UNK   UNK  . &quot;
my mission is to be when i was beaten my wife .
the big  UNK  of nine girls left behind the  UNK  , which is  UNK  , and it just gives them a product of a fish .
and they found out that the ceo had done a  UNK  for a week .
we &apos;re going to spend a little bit of time to talk about how to get video games in a short time , and then the question is why .
that means that shadow falls into the field , it falls down , it doesn &apos;t get arrested , and to wait you want to throw the shadow of the first thing that &apos;s not going to run .
and in fact , most of all kinds of tiny species of dots in the  UNK  , or the currents , but the fish are in the coral reefs .
according to estimates , there &apos;s more than 400 billion gallons of lego that were produced -- or 75 for everyone on earth .
thank you very much .
i had some talks in germany .
instead of coding ,  UNK  or  UNK  ,  UNK  allows you to code using simple adjustments .
and i mean not a  UNK  or  UNK  , i mean , you know , the idea that we all know .
and because this idea can be explained for a minute . i &apos;m going to tell you three stories in front of time .
he &apos;s drinking a beer block for me and sister , and they gave me a beer for me .
if someone like hundreds of millions of copies of your business cards , i can take every person in this room so many of you , and , in fact , everybody in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
so the lesson i worked with  UNK   UNK  and  UNK   UNK  , we did with a people with people in the  UNK  women who at work and now those who had in a period of time they might have planned for the 401 plan .
we have a lot of cells that they can &apos;t exist .
there &apos;s a lot of people in trust in government .
in the same time , the ministry of defense has a map , but these maps are .
and the only country in the world is doing this .
and the most part of them is that they wear small particles .
i grew up in the southern region , and i had a brother , bigger than i was a teenager and a little sister , was less than a teenager .
we are losing .
when they face their problems , they may not be interested in their voice .
and finally , i believe that even though this is very , very , very exciting , very exciting , but very soon , but we finally end up being driven by technology that we can create by design technology , because the intellect and knowledge .
occasionally , even though , i heard the  UNK  car , &quot; bageye  UNK  and &quot; and have a pencil on youtube , &quot; honey , you know , home . &quot;
as you can see here , these pictures are not special .
my child was fascinated by these abilities .
so , if you take the system , as i was taught , and remove all the employees that make mistakes , there &apos;s no one .
at some point , a little piece of  UNK  everything comes up to me -- and the ipad knows what you &apos;re in , on the gps coordinates -- the letter sent to my address .
finally , you want to sustain the rest of the world .
most people understand that , but they thought this was the case .
for those things , mistakes is  UNK  .
now i design a computer designer to make money , and i know that my device used to design computers can &apos;t use if there are no recent technologies in the computer industry .
they &apos;ve had to run 50,000 dollars after year , because their systems were destroyed .
so the first rule is the combination of the pictures , you should have them .
and it turns out that this  UNK  projection will come up to get money to market and marshal the law of law law .
and so in a single perspective , it &apos;s coming in front of us .
this is my first slide .
what &apos;s the new state of the world is going on ?
so we &apos;re separated .
because i believe that key to choose the best choice from that choice is the gift of choice .
and i  UNK   UNK  and  UNK  him .
he goes on it .
the patient patient has a thousand .
and then you &apos;ve got to make an hour and then you go and read the rest of the book .
and since  UNK  percent of suicide kills suicide .
UNK  is a company provider provider .
like some of you who know that i have over 100,000 people on youtube .
the storytelling is becoming increasingly  UNK  .
so what &apos;s happening here ?
so video is a video video that i didn &apos;t have bike in my bike lanes , but there &apos;s redundancy that you don &apos;t get you awake .
it can be processing processing ,  UNK   UNK  , stop putting the trash cans .
and we &apos;re at the same time in the process that the same as a monkey , as if you can live in a living organisms to be able to live .
he walked into the room and sit behind me , very close to you .
so when i asked you to ask a question that &apos;s what i don &apos;t see , if you want to burn amounts of calories , just to raise your hands .
what we add up is that we asked people to tell us what &apos;s going to happen in their future if they save more .
three piles used to  UNK  many times , and she walked along with two of my best friends ,  UNK   UNK  , who &apos;s  UNK   UNK  on copacabana bus  UNK  , and igbo women , a white woman whose husband was  UNK  , who &apos;s  UNK   UNK  , who &apos;s  UNK   UNK  , who &apos;s nomads that dr.  UNK  .
it also has a app , a website and a smartphone app , called  UNK   UNK  .
if necessary , the service authorities can help them connect , but a neighbor is a good solution and save more than the government services .
two times in a train wreck , i &apos;m not going to stand up against malaria .
she said , &quot; well , maybe i &apos;m not going to do that . &quot;
everything can &apos;t change the quickly change as they &apos;re going on .
at a moment , your screen fills here .
and i think there are the keystone who are trying to explain how it starts with minerals , but i &apos;m going to tell you a simple story about it , but that point , at that point , there were little oil that float around the  UNK  inside of it .
and within a few years , the lego beekeepers were at home .
three months later i went to the location and move around .
in every morning i stand up .
because after all , we all depends on this planet live on this planet .
we &apos;re going to end up here , we &apos;re going to go into the world .
i decided to go to the united states .
but i think there &apos;s something that &apos;s going on .
i still don &apos;t know what you think about me , but i can achieve that .
you know ,  UNK  , right ?
unlike the suburbs suburbs in the middle class , which i didn &apos;t know know , there &apos;s no point in the  UNK  .
he rides the money to the guy .
for a year we didn &apos;t buy .
so , in some of the people who use six months , unexpected , when we saw me 30 percent of them to buy a  UNK  bottle .
that means that doesn &apos;t take control , it &apos;s going to open up and create new things .
or wait , this is my favorite project .
and then we bring them back to a modern book .
we &apos;re seeing this process from pushing ourselves .
ninety percent of the things that we  UNK  ,  UNK  , and the creatures that live underwater .
and one of the things that we &apos;ve done i share with you a little video .
and sure enough that we can find a  UNK  store .
each generation will use the images that they have learned from the beginning of life &apos;s life as a standard , and will be rewarded .
i really argue that ted has more courageous .
and in fact , i know , i was very confident that they made it because they come from a series of hundreds of thousands of programs that were done .
because all of this technology is driven itself .
that &apos;s understanding that people understand the difference between choices they have to be able to understand the outcome with each of those choices and those consequences that have been very clear .
so we click the brain , because our brains are not simply unacceptable that we don &apos;t accept those things that are really bad .
it &apos;s really important .
the lego took off the concrete material , the droplets of building blocks , and making it into the bricks of imagination .
but that &apos;s the best thing can happen because this is called the  UNK  pressure , the , of supplier that have helped to patients patient -- since it &apos;s used to obesity , it can also use patients to drug medications .
i actually learned this from my grandmother .
in fact , you need a  UNK  , if you have a website using a car-share service ,  UNK  service , which is the service service .
once we started a baby .
this has actually helped me a lot .
because these eu predators are preserved so we &apos;re actually going to rebuild the past .
all of adults are all kinds of risks .
now , it turns out that even you can choose to have an option , because there &apos;s a negative consequences .
and i did the children that were incarcerated .
a couple of years ago , i started a  UNK  search for  UNK  and create them to think about a year and work in the environment they seem to hate them ; they had to work for government .
so this is a dream project .
and so this is still not true .
and so , they also survive to die , that would mean , if a public  UNK  , all of individuals in this community is that they are made out of individuals and they evolved in a positive way .
but ad advertising is still aware that they &apos;re not  UNK  .
we didn &apos;t write this app .
and i went through time to wisdom from my own clothes and felt back to work , and when i was doing , again , again .
a few years ago i started growing  UNK  .
we &apos;re having a legal system that will be willing to treat you healthier than if you commit the rich compared to people .
this is the chart .
predicated a set of dna is a really interesting step .
and they will pass you through the rest of the book .
and at the day , i went off the hospital and the hospital and the hospital and i walked up to my car , to get back home and i got a job that i didn &apos;t usually do .
and even though i don &apos;t stand in front of me , but i still can see the  UNK  my step .
i know that this talk is going to be  UNK  .
these kinds of things they don &apos;t consume , they &apos;re thrown away because they were dead .
in another chapter , you have to photograph a piece of rock and grab it .
and the ancient oil needs to be supported by modesty , she caused a concussion when he grabs and his team , and it was more powerful than the three months .
can you write anything else in this ?
it knows how we &apos;re holding it .
is it a little bit about the detail ?
i &apos;ve already been talking about the  UNK  of hype .
there was a survey that was perfected with ceos that we had documented the ceos for a week .
and as this , a large role that the body is possible .
there are three reasons : these people who are created , the communities of conflict and sameness .
and here &apos;s the point where the patients can take control and collect data from your health care , not just to control over their own control , but it can help us us in our health care , because the challenges that we face as health care , the need to visit the amount of time and so forth .
i believe that we need to do more work to help people who are blind victims of crimes , not a little bit less .
i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
this is the most  UNK  ratio , one of nine people sentenced .
another idea that  UNK   UNK  , when i was a child , a galaxy might be considered a  UNK  .
and i &apos;m really tired and tired of you can see it .
in a world where video video games takes over two minutes per minute , just a really exciting thing , and that may be paying attention in the way that these things have .
and caregiving and said , &quot; says , &quot; i &apos;m going to walk around . &quot;
our fears and intellectuals politics has made us believe that this is not a problem and the problem that we face .
we chose no choice even when it comes to the contrary to the good news for us .
and what &apos;s on the bottom is what we call the bureaucratic machine .
but it &apos;s also an example of state like a system .
we don &apos;t want to talk about history .
try to address the bias of discrimination and  UNK  in  UNK  .
and there are always a lot of conflict in the family .
it &apos;s like a concrete concrete , that will allow you to build a bigger and more complex ,  UNK  brick .
this is a small application .
&quot; she thought i can do everything that you wanted . &quot;
now we see the opposite effect .
and of course , as terrorism is the dominant discrimination and the  UNK  of racial debate and the authoritarian regime .
50 percent of the ceo of death is lost or nine minutes or less .
we know exactly what the machine works in the  UNK  city .
and i want to tell you that the worst nightmares that i &apos;ve been going on in my first year , as a lot of my colleagues ,  UNK  .
and this makes me sad sad .
it &apos;s not our burden .
the only thing i have done is that i have changed the way that information is expressed in that .
and fortunately , he &apos;s dead .
the second story , it &apos;s about to illustrate another concept of what &apos;s called the  UNK  movement .
but the key thing is that innovation is that it is inspiring in this cultural discourse .
but that &apos;s not all the  UNK  rats .
i talk a lot about these problems .
it shows how the government can work better -- unlike the private companies , like many people think .
and here , in the west can &apos;t understand why it can be true when the ways of the freedom of liberty .
imagine the first piece of : my father  UNK  my entire career .
is it a little bit about light ?
the idea idea that they swirl in a glass , doesn &apos;t know why , it &apos;s extremely exciting for me .
i &apos;m going to focus on a number that i hope you &apos;ve heard about .
i think we &apos;re going to be  UNK  as if we &apos;re the final product of evolution .
their skin cells are not going to work regardless of the heart of the heart , the brain cells , cells , cells and lots and lots of cells .
my mother worked in the farm , and in the production of automotive car , working on a second day , two .
so in fact , i &apos;m going to go on and start  UNK  , a smartphone app for the ipad .
why am i not asking a guidance ? why is the patient home ?
if you think about it , you see that it &apos;s a great invention .
my lunch is approaching me , and i thought i would stop here , before i was discovered by nature .
she told us to feel her grandmother .
it says , &quot; this drone has  UNK  activity in the same way that you can have a flight , and it doesn &apos;t make you feel confident ? &quot;
mau , color outside my throat to have milk .
UNK   UNK  united states , two months ago , he had a  UNK  bank accounts of jain , who in english  UNK  ,  UNK  in  UNK  million dollars in the region at the time .
i know there are different kinds of things that classify  UNK  emissions .
27 years after i went back , the size of this fish was only half .
it &apos;s a jigsaw puzzle game .
have you ever seen these people ?
so it &apos;s actually the idea of idea more than just a moment .
this mountain is actually collected by collecting fishermen , but they went through the area that they had never seen before .
and we lost the control over the way of punishment .
a large chunk of this gigantic industry is this for the 1980s .
and so , we have three main fight against people who are being able to get out of your own life or steal by a legal level , and instead of what they pay for their service providers .
this is breaking down by caffeine , like this , and now you &apos;ve got tons of pants .
so please help us do this and not only to improve health and healthier control .
i think we have to do something about the tradition of medicine that has to change .
and they count the balance in evolution .
and yet we don &apos;t really understand the choices .
they weren &apos;t .
many people have stopped , about 60 percent when we get out of 50,000 , and when only six species , it &apos;s only 40 percent .
and then she sat down , looked at me , and she said , &quot; she wanted to know that she still had the same child . &quot;
i felt that i thought it would be easier to even create the context than finding the context , because then you didn &apos;t need to recruit those ideas in my mind .
and that &apos;s the moment when she  UNK   UNK  , my hand up to me and said , &quot; well , you must be courageous , courageous and courageous courageous . &quot;
let me show you a simple example .
okay .
the best thing to do is to make kids start to understand the activity of these daily devices around which they &apos;re not learning in classrooms .
they don &apos;t have to forget him .
we set up a video page and asked the crowd , &quot; if you see a  UNK  device ,  UNK  emails tells us what we know when it works , because sometimes in this time it doesn &apos;t work .
okay ?
and within the next 20 or five days , they are fate .
it &apos;s pretty simple .
how can we help you for you ? &quot;
in the aviation industry , we &apos;re never going to get people to get married if you &apos;re going to have a  UNK  plane that there is one .
so i &apos;d like to make a difference , something that &apos;s happening in the beginning of the beginning .
let me sum up .
that &apos;s the system we have .
this is a  UNK  rod .
and what happens is that you will create a collection of digital photography that you can tag on the internet .
&quot; it &apos;s her daughter daughter , and i promise you will always take care of your life . &quot;
and it allows us to produce more complex products than design design .
and they began to form the special ones that are really unlike anything in the colony .
they were designed designed to become light , sound , engine and sensing .
in this document is taking notes from a company who owned in egypt where you can vote with lots and lots of high-tech tools to be able to hear on a large scale of all the elderly and all indigenous people .
so what happens here ?
first .
so what i &apos;d like to ask you today is that the four simple skills that we have tested in lots of many of many things that you can tap into your business .
so , if technology is developed as fast as technology , it would be like i could call a taxi , and i went to tokyo in 30 seconds .
and you have the damage and never ceases that anymore .
so those coals tend to get closer longer .
she took me out of the room , and back to the back of the house and said , &quot; hey , hey , she will tell you what &apos;s going to tell you . &quot;
and maybe i could barely afford long enough to remove a little bit that i didn &apos;t work on that way .
i &apos;m sorry for that , but i try to learn something that i can tell other people .
i went to gando .
i had to have a long time in prison , followed the iron and fish in the prison olympics .
in fact , he &apos;s now a lot of nature .
i never met him outside .
these arguments are not rational .
they &apos;ve been looking for wealth from the network , through the way of illegal ways to use the banking system to attack our bank accounts for our accounts when we do online , or to the software that would allow them to transmit the credit card when we transmit online information .
they hear on your head .
i don &apos;t know about anything .
but there are two problems with that .
they put her  UNK  .
and finally , he said , &quot; look , don &apos;t you have to open all the door to your house and playing music and look at it ? &quot;
some of the most famous examples of tribes are coming from the world , who are made of the money to attack .
but it didn &apos;t just stop there .
but finally , this reality is still bounded by its  UNK  , the abuse , hypocrisy and consolation .
there &apos;s a source of energy , a optimistic optimistic , a  UNK  of humility and reckless .
so we had three groups of tons of  UNK  :  UNK  offenders ,  UNK   UNK  work with  UNK  and  UNK  and eventual our government , the government of our government .
that our vision of technology and technology , entertainment and creativity is always going to always go through the entire view of compassion , compassion and justice .
and he described one of them is very often . &quot;
i did not have a  UNK   UNK  olive oil .
do you have an idea of choice you to spend about nine minutes per minute ?
someone told us that as normal , to build a software that would take at least two years and spending about two million dollars .
the purpose of this is to be able to know the source of those documents .
i fear that idea that i &apos;m going to lose my mind and enjoy the fact that crumbs doesn &apos;t show up the camera , but i don &apos;t get text on my friends .
when i was a kid who was growing up , the future to me was a year 2000 , and each of what was going to happen in 2000 .
and by the government of the state of us -- remember , &quot; we are people ? &quot; -- what we think about what it &apos;s going to talk about change .
this is my electronic device . it &apos;s a very simple device .
and in fact , sometimes they do , because the methods we don &apos;t even understand .
somebody can think that this is just a photo array of the landscape and the bottom line .
now i work in solar industry .
because i &apos;m often people to try to figure out how people understand new technologies are going to be amazing , and i think , because i &apos;ve been here for you here , and i &apos;m going to show you what i think about your thinking and try and understand what &apos;s going on is really going to happen with the astonishing steps in the science that seems to be impossible
with my mother &apos;s life , his life on the only mission : to marry her mom and began to life in australia .
i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t feel like that . &quot;
alfred  UNK  .
but over 48 hours video on youtube every minute .
we &apos;re moving towards , we &apos;re moving towards a world where the natural power is to come closer and technology and technology can be closer together .
so this is not okay , right ?
so the system is going to be able to make the easier to figure out the easier mistakes that the people can &apos;t be wear and also , a , , , , , , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , who , for example , anyone who live in your health care can be able to make mistakes , and especially as as as as as as as as as as as
what we &apos;re okay , now i know that this is the sea .
so i think it &apos;s pretty straightforward .
we gave them six children and see them playing with  UNK  .
and part of the story is sometimes because of the time .
so you have a situation where people don &apos;t know where the past even if even in the past , even if they live in society , because they don &apos;t trust what they existed .
we asked ourselves around and nobody knows .
but what are we doing with this ?
and i think you should read it .
this kind of communication allows the bacteria that bacteria could be able to form in which these include tons of bacteria , they &apos;re cooperating with each other .
it &apos;s nine months from us to find an innocent man and get out of smoke .
al were a  UNK  in boston .
so you can &apos;t get them wrong .
you know , finally , we have to trust in what we don &apos;t see .
all the tribes that i introduced you today is designed to help you control your choices , and you can apply your own
and then i was assigned to work on the rebuilding of tim berners-lee .
how can we judge you into a person you &apos;re not ?
instead , what i do is that what we design do is that the designs that are working on in the corporations of thinking that are thinking about is that we think about the level of energy and putting that filter into the machine and the mechanism that we can make , further and faster than we can afford .
it &apos;s just mind-boggling .
they get to adulthood .
j yeah . we make sense of intellectual property .
and of course , we &apos;re never going to be a  UNK  chapter in germany .
i have here , 100 miles of white flour , which i used to try to try to protect the protective director at airport .
yes ,  UNK  , judge the power .
recently , i &apos;ve been spending more than over 2,000 people , and the average of the option that the american citizens has done is about 70 times in a day .
when we &apos;re not really interested in trouble difficult things , bad things are affected .
and she said , &quot; do you do that ? &quot;
and if we have trust , a blind defense in any future , a government that we can have in the next 50 years ?
but what &apos;s important is an individual or a group of beekeepers who has created a pattern , and they share share with more viewers , lifting them .
because that , for example , drugs are produced .
today , we do the same with the airplane .
and if people look at how chemical chemicals are formed , we &apos;re starting to understand how they form .
now , i talked a lot about magic .
judge judge is a guy , but i see him boy .
never before , it &apos;s not faulty fallacy , but he worried about little details , about how you don &apos;t make mistakes .
i &apos;ve shown in the bible that there was a shame in the  UNK  ,  UNK  of police and police .
why do i study public ?
what about people who aren &apos;t going to do that ? because they don &apos;t have access to people in the hands ?
sweden is missing ; and nobody knows what he is .
and in fact , we are a colony colony .
that &apos;s what &apos;s going on .
we &apos;re dropping off .
because at that moment , an individual -- the understanding of information that could happen in the existence of a human habitat , instead of time .
this diagnosis is not difficult .
love .
for those who have been involved in more of the choices , more and more people participating in order to avoid discomfort .
and the next process , like electricity , it seems to have a few decades .
and these are the forms of  UNK  cells , these little oil droplet .
think about a tough choice : buy a car .
if you &apos;re a doctor , you can do some good things , but if you &apos;re a  UNK  doctor , you can do more other things .
what does this mean ?
there are many cases like what happened in the  UNK  .
this program is called the united states code , and this is kind of like  UNK   UNK  for computer keyboards .
you can go to the web , download design and design them .
a lot of my cave are still very small .
i &apos;m not going to apply the same token .
i felt like anyone can do it .
it &apos;s still not  UNK  .
but in fact , the more what we see is that if you &apos;re willing to get rid of the more choices that there are tens of spending growth in the population growth , down the cost , and that &apos;s the improvements in the experience of choice .
they use their operations activities to make lots of money , lots of money .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened to  UNK  .
the wheel takes a piece of it .
the next thing , we found in the case that people like to buy a  UNK  bottle .
seriously .
our legal system is not only driven by these way , not only  UNK  by the racial discrimination , but also being trumped by the poor .
let &apos;s talk to al .
i &apos;m always trying to probe it and show you how it works .
we are undergoing the same process as the organisms that have the cells that have cells , are undergoing -- selective  UNK  , the processing processing .
so the third rule is to make it in the real world where the various images start to end and ends up with the circuit .
is it a photography ?
the kind of shame that doesn &apos;t be healthy and i &apos;m talking about is that the  UNK  you give you in the cage .
so what do you make the picture in real , i think , that &apos;s something that we &apos;ve never thought about , but what it &apos;s around us in everyday life .
because that &apos;s the consequences of how we start to think about what we are .
it &apos;s just a kind of chemical chemical form of life , but it &apos;s more interesting , but when it comes to the course of
for example , here &apos;s a boy we did in the journal of magazines .
i don &apos;t know .
every single person in every generation is just a few milliseconds .
but the point is , we &apos;re the galapagos .
it &apos;s the public space telescope that opens up a world filled with  UNK  and  UNK  and images in my imagination .
and that &apos;s my message when i learned in med school .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; the government is changing .
and this little company that i had been trying to walk into the environment by my way ...
what &apos;s video video  UNK  : what does this mean ?
what &apos;s amazing surprising is that that information has been very stable , because it has evolved from 2.5 billion years ago .
i &apos;m human . i make mistakes .
i said to the computer , &quot; let &apos;s repeat the process . &quot;
in both cases , these are all too low doses of reality , because in fact , we don &apos;t have afforded this problem that we should have .
and my mission as the president office demanded the cardiac arrest , and i was exposed to the emergency room .
when i speak my innocence , and she looked at me and say , &quot; well ,
the fear fear is worthless ,  UNK  , and death .
every time , like  UNK   UNK  would call and say , &quot; hey ,  UNK  , three halls will come in town and we &apos;re going to come to talk .
there &apos;s a nonprofit of africa , 20 miles southeast africa with  UNK  .
if anyone took a product that didn &apos;t have their own rights holders , they &apos;re not just a  UNK  .
what do i want to talk about ?
in fact , i lack of confidence i was asked by the nurse who was going to ask her , and she thought , she thought she thought she did it ?
and the more i said , i &apos;m getting more .
but there &apos;s a big difference : that &apos;s just for experts .
i can &apos;t stop .
we can &apos;t get this problem .
what &apos;s in my mind .
the green is out , green is the power , which is  UNK  and  UNK  .
i mean , this is incredible .
this is just a random report report that i chose from my vow .
this is sea ice cubes from the sea , or the soft or the soft  UNK  , become a mess of chaos .
we talked about  UNK  , there &apos;s nothing to change from scratch in india .
now i &apos;m going to warn you that we have to experience a lot of challenges , when we &apos;re not paying attention .
you know what you &apos;re healthy , when you see a secret that you yourself in japan you &apos;re blinded , and then you yourself , and you &apos;re you and you yourself and you yourself and you &apos;re you and you yourself and you &apos;re you and you yourself , and you &apos;re yourself and you you yourself , and you &apos;re yourself and you you yourself , and you &apos;re yourself and you &apos;re japanese and you &apos;re at the bottom of you , and you two people who are horrible , you know , you know
now i came out beyond my own safe place to know that , yes , the world can crash , but not in the way you fear .
and i said , &quot; yeah , i &apos;m going to go . &quot;
the people create connections , local communities , but the whole thing is entirely of now , is the features of a new form and new culture that anyone can access and audience and persuasive decisions .
it &apos;s not like that .
even pick the signals that i don &apos;t mean anything , anything about wanting to the balance of the inside , it helps me
a lack of sleep deprivation .
occasionally , when i lost my balance , i &apos;ll end with this state .
i think that the reason for that is because we all felt something that was happening at that moment .
and it &apos;s going to zoom in this room , and this woman says , &quot; in our history we never before , we &apos;re participating in donations .
intrinsic incentives ,  UNK  .
this is now in the  UNK  of  UNK  .
look at that &apos;s not our problem .
i told you a  UNK  to  UNK  .
oh , why ?
the only challenge that she was 10 to 10 .
but what is the secret to make it look like ?
it &apos;s not politics , but it &apos;s 1938 .
and let me end with my grandmother &apos;s : i remember .
because that &apos;s where the real work .
because , maybe , this is photography photography , you can &apos;t bring the camera .
so , in stepping out of this incident , you have to go outside , and , in a chapter , photographed a ball and grab it .
i told my mom couldn &apos;t do it .
right now , in alabama in  UNK  pradesh , the black men have reached death .
it &apos;s been honored to me , and i &apos;m sharing with people .
because i think the only way to understand this is actually fit into the past and spending a long-term perspective in every animal .
now , i &apos;m going to tell you a lesson that i have with  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , which we say we &apos;re looking at the saving decisions of almost one million people from about 1.2 million years from the united states .
a few days later , we went to a  UNK  in pittsburgh and pittsburgh around her .
if you think the right on the left is  UNK  and the right on your right hand .
that &apos;s what  UNK  did .
unlike the idea of the 20th century , this community is how we become part of this phenomenon , or something that it is .
and what &apos;s interesting is that this page is this page page , like a lot of pages of technology is familiar with us , is a straight line on top of the curve .
and so i jumped into the dance to jump into this technology , to see if i can use it to make volumetric , rather than harming it .
it also gives me all the great divergence about this big divergence that i &apos;m passionate about it , so i &apos;m really excited about me .
and i think all of us here is part of the next generation of what the next generation is .
and all day , i made a big name of oil that we had to eat .
and it &apos;s an amazing experience .
and within them and a half hours , two hours later , she began to be more nuanced .
and one of the most striking things that i learned earlier about this is ted ted has ted .
a baby london london was a high bar and said , &quot; oh , i am bored . &quot;
try to stop the children to death children without precedent .
UNK  ,  UNK  !
and i feel good .
and the report report to the doctor .
the first story of charles darwin , one of my heroes .
with  UNK  information , the same amount of choice .
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but bacteria can really stimulate the dna .
and one day a lot of clouds , there &apos;s a pore around the cloud and the size of a hole and i wondered , maybe i can feel better .
and sometimes you get to ted , and it requires meaning and strength for you , if you &apos;re not coming from you .
ah , there are many opportunities around us .
this is how important works , but they &apos;re stealing from energy .
we transform the world , but we don &apos;t remember this .
we worked at night .
but in fact , nobody knows in a medical surgeon , or a defense officer needs to be .
within a year , you do a survey after a commercial fishing license .
so for example , in exceptional situations , we can actually grow a program by starting with  UNK  .
well ,  UNK  , zero .  UNK  , and many pages of online dating began to write about it .
he was my grandfather .
how do i teach them what i did they didn &apos;t go into that ?
michael tilson is from karen science fiction in one of the first people who posted a story about this video on youtube social media .
1,000 , wonderful .
all of us are at least , most of us are using fark or a smartphone app like a similar app app , and these services are especially ubiquitous in traditional countries like hood , where the governors are going to use sms services like they because they know that they &apos;re  UNK  , are subjected because of the world can &apos;t hear the information that they can .
and for me , integrating integrating two things that are necessary .
and she said , &quot; what &apos;s three things that you can never stop drinking . &quot;
suppose you get a  UNK  , and you get to an anesthesiologist with a foreign surgeon in 400 species .
sometimes i have a moment .
and the problem is .
it spreads viral .
in the future no longer , the vast majority of those will happen in the world .
and these two pictures are also satisfy two conditions -- get taken at the same same time and at the same kind of light .
that &apos;s happening all . we can all feel it .
but after that , there &apos;s another kind of interesting moment when things became totally different , and that &apos;s when the cells start to exchanging exchanges and communication information , and they form a community of cells .
where is the housing ?
after three months in clinical refugee camp , we had traveled .
our country , it has been very different than 40 years ago .
it doesn &apos;t stop and  UNK  .
the united states now have the highest peaks of the world .
at the time , i found myself .
so what &apos;s going on today ?
&quot; couldn &apos;t make it wrong .
if you think on the left is the jazz and shiva on your right hand , you &apos;re clapping .
and so , we didn &apos;t understand what that means .
today there &apos;s a large community that people will help build tools that need us to work together .
the second thing that she wanted to be promised is that they will always do the right thing .
even the cats are watching this video .
in fact , the existence of these programs depends on the work .
my mother &apos;s boots , &quot; why is my mother tongues ? &quot;
and when you use the camera to take pictures , you end up the end of the end .
in the mid- &apos; 70s in sao paulo , if you had a machine , you would have signed up with the authorities .
we search for bribes and investors .
we are conflicting conflict .
we are all disciplined in a car .
i started thinking , how could this work ?
all right , a little bit more .
this story . we heard a lot of times about the galapagos and the other places , so there &apos;s nothing about it .
it allows us to build things bigger than ourselves , the buildings , the bridges , yew .
and that &apos;s what i feel like .
now in the world trade finance , i think one of the best examples of how to make the best choice is that david pogue is associated with  UNK  research is the program in somalia .
but one of them , if you &apos;re lucky , will put two things in place .
i went to my own journey , that was 14 years old , 14 year-old and he was allowed to be in front of like a adults .
and the first thing i did was asked by those who said , &quot; tell me how different choices are .
failure fail .
and so my suggestion is , this is the only thing i want to give you a call for two ak to do this two ak .
you can make some effort .
i gave her teens  UNK  .
when the man sees me , he goes up to me and he says , &quot; what do you ? &quot;
and that &apos;s showing me the second technique of solving the appropriate action that choice .
i have a question for all of you here : when there are important things to take our own hands , all of us , are we going to be a voice voice , or should we be a group of your hands ?
another thing is that we know all of the gas stations .
if i go into a room -- like now , i &apos;m totally unaware of what i think about what i think about .
thank you .
and here &apos;s the  UNK  part .
and these fish seem to be comfortable as well .
the next process , like language and things like that , built in less than a million years .
the topic is going to continue : : finance savings .
that i &apos;m a new year-old girl , who &apos;s black and poor .
you have over 60 different decisions , to finish your car for your car .
now the average age of members in our group was 28 , unfortunately , i was almost older than all of them .
i grew up in a house , an american army knife , and in  UNK  and my wife is a family .
my name is  UNK  .
somebody has created an old version .
and we have this idea that if we get rid of the people out of the  UNK  , the
i &apos;m here to share with my photography .
he died ,  UNK  .
there are also  UNK  .
you &apos;ll probably see color patterns and sounds like &quot; avatar . &quot;
and in fact , i turned into a character in the book .
now , it looks almost like entertainment park .
and during this period , we were at least four years ago .
something is heretical here .
in egypt , when the foreign fighters invaded police were killed in egypt , in 1500 , they had discovered a lot of documents .
oh my god !
this is a  UNK  of a male where you have an opportunity to trust in your car .
and then let &apos;s get rid of  UNK   UNK  .
each of these tools are right here , and the only thing that our limitations is the way .
and so , it &apos;s pushing yourself .
in this country , i  UNK  people in canada , because of medicine can &apos;t afford .
this sounds like weird , but i &apos;m a big fan of  UNK  bricks .
i &apos;m going to start by showing up a  UNK  report .
when i want to make fear , a simple example i can do .
now , think about your own choices .
i looked at  UNK  and i was standing there .
but i kept working on .
and if i say , &quot; no , &quot; yeah , &quot; i &apos;m going to go , &quot; attack , &quot; and i said , &quot; my skin , &quot; i &apos;m going to get me alone .
like here , we have  UNK   UNK  from western cities , ukraine .
whenever you &apos;re going to show you that someone &apos;s reaction , somebody can be your loved or somebody in front of you , you can still find a  UNK  device .
nobody knows where there &apos;s a  UNK  device to save lives for survival patients right now .
we &apos;re using these programs to create a quick computer so that we can make it faster .
but every time , they &apos;re all  UNK  to me .
she &apos;s got married , but also .
by the way , it &apos;s an old player to 10 times older times .
before i &apos;m starting to start the key part of the presentation , let &apos;s go through baseball .
when i was a little girl , and i got up to the himalayas .
i feared myself to  UNK  .
so after four years , a more  UNK  dinosaur in a minute , a boat boat out of sea ice sheets .
what we do is that they , even if i went into the world with  UNK  , perfect .
because , obviously , a species of animals with copious quantities , before it &apos;s extinct .
so , we have a chance to change this situation .
my second child is worse .
in fact , we all know that the design process is not pursued when it &apos;s too complicated .
in fact , you get lots of times the first time , and then , second , but i &apos;m going to guess that you feel more in the second second time .
and i came here , i was encouraged , and i listened to this , and i was able to do this .
we can &apos;t do that without the government , we need it to achieve more effectively .
gravity  UNK  , the  UNK  police commissioner sees a  UNK  priest , because beekeepers were wounded soldier .
and not my medical doctor ; he &apos;s incredibly powerful .
do you know one of the nba for 300 keys at the end of the great baseball cards ?
and he just and he hides his outreach to participate every day , it &apos;s scanned cameras .
three of them grew up in the age of  UNK  , social  UNK  and  UNK   UNK  .
the next morning , i wake up and i thought , well , i dreamed of you crazy crazy , and i actually wrote it ?
in other words , &quot; computer , can you make hundreds of millions of wire  UNK  .
and again , i even put the house on the top of the island making it in the  UNK  .
i remember vividly .
and so here you go to the ipad , to take it out .
when i was 17 years old , she became a rebel of a zodiac ,  UNK  , his  UNK  .
and they don &apos;t tell us a lot .
a young woman said , &quot; i see today . &quot;
this is  UNK  .
so i went into my ears .
and here &apos;s a new thing we refer to you about the curve .
her mother is  UNK  .
my mom was also upset , but we told each other day during the day , and she told her to walk around the house .
at first , i thought we were playing a game .
UNK  .
the difference is that they &apos;re conscious as a loss .
if you know anything about the technology of state , you will know that this is not going to happen .
so there &apos;s no change , everything has changed .
i went through the emergency room home .
number three :  UNK  .
i have a complex thought , messy , and ambiguity in mind .
for those who lose interest in government , this is when we ask ourselves about a world we want to leave our grandchildren .
but when you combine the pictures , this is a really important thing that &apos;s going to consider , because if it doesn &apos;t seem to be .
even at the first seven days , every day , there was a  UNK  video clip .
so the western government is providing providing government officials to their homes .
my mom is  UNK  .
in many ways , we are taught to believe that the question is really good is that people are dying because they have caused ?
if i had to go into a room full of my friends and ask them help and start telling what i just told you , maybe i won &apos;t tell you two things , they &apos;ll be able to pass them , and they &apos;re going to continue to talk about .
it &apos;s a fight against drug .
the problem is this : if i can &apos;t tell your mistakes , if i can talk to say my mistakes , if i to lose my face of my childhood voice , right , what my voice is going to tell me what really happens , how am i going to share with my colleagues ?
everybody runs in  UNK  is being implanted in a source .
because we are also talking about the need to gain more and more and more importantly than the fundamental challenges in our lives , in this complex world .
now , the mistake is not the most vulnerable word when you do in a hospital that i was in a hospital that i was a 14 year-old patient .
i &apos;m just talking about a human support system for helping each other .
and then i collected a little team waiting for what we didn &apos;t do , &quot; is a very interesting challenge .
now we reduced the frame of time .
she never allowed me to forget his life .
UNK  are archival electronics with different functions .
it &apos;s not a matter , or not , i have no impact on the consequences .
so you &apos;ve heard and you see the aspiration to the audience , the ted community to help him in your footsteps and do something like this .
what makes you ?
but you know what ?
and if you think this is ridiculous , you should know that there &apos;s a three-dimensional version of it .
you &apos;re busy .
my grandmother was sitting looking at me .
but i remember him from the oil spill out of the coast of january and a guy who had fallen over and died prematurely , the chairman of my journey was still struggling to him , and through the first apple i was thrown off , through the first apple i was thrown through .
two teams to go to school , invited them to cover up the hill .
and of course , the  UNK  string will not tend to multiply numbers numbers , so no , it &apos;s not going to actually make a mission .
occasionally , i went and i was on the third side , but it was difficult to get involved in interest .
&quot;  UNK  &quot; is a black hole in one of the most popular video games .
UNK  is a  UNK  company company from from the netherlands -- or at least they did .
UNK   UNK  , a good because of a good philosophical court , talked about this .
they like to delay their attention to decline in their sense , when it goes to the best good for themselves .
three of them have a character that you will always want to be close .
why should we spend 15 15 to 30 percent of them when they use this computer or  UNK  punishment ?
so i went to myself .
you just lose the animals .
but combine in a way , they create something that looks like like three dimensions , as if it existed .
that &apos;s the question we &apos;re going to worry about 50 next year .
but our lives more lives than we have in our senses .
and a story that reflects our problems like environmental problems .
and the family got together .
so , for example , for example , to give you a 100,000 to 100,000 .
i gave three  UNK  . i told the drugs to stop .
i don &apos;t know how to use photoshop .
how do you handle it ? &quot;
and i &apos;ll never forget it .
there was a vet in this country , and she had a series of success .
so this is close to 50 million views at this year .
and gary says , he &apos;s ready to help people in this kind of money to save the world in the world .
this allows us to start like a living organism .
he spoke to patients with patients , and i &apos;m quite sure i &apos;m going to be fixated on everything and make sure i &apos;m not sued .
so a group of living body , for example , learn , not to eat a virus , because it doesn &apos;t smell , and it &apos;s not so hot , and it &apos;s hurting oblivious to eat that .
but what &apos;s more important is that it &apos;s showing how many generations solve the problem of the government -- not the problem of problem -- not the problem of a single system , which is the collective actions .
jimmy  UNK  is this on twitter in order to test this video as well .
and she said , &quot; you can only get three three things ,  UNK  . &quot;
and they &apos;re all linked to us a larger community outreach , and there &apos;s more possibility that we have before .
some species have a systematic way of resistance drug , and it &apos;s surrounding surrounding the dna learns to each other , and today we have a lot of microbes that are affordable , because bacterial information .
they gave three  UNK  drugs .
so in the world , i was in the  UNK  of  UNK  , traumatized vulnerable , heroin , heroin addiction .
you can do a whole range of time .
a guy in the british office of the city of this town who knew that this app and realized that he could use it , not for great , but to bring the  UNK  alert .
for example , the invention of speech is a small step in that .
and there &apos;s no oceanic oceanic history in the development of development technology has been modified by  UNK  by a few years ago .
i &apos;m going to give you an example of what i &apos;m talking about .
but it really requires a lot of plan .
in fact , one of the things that i &apos;ve done in my yearning is that we can store a lot of this code .
today i &apos;m going to show you about what i didn &apos;t know .
i &apos;ve been talking about  UNK  methods to deal with the  UNK  option of reducing lowering reducing reducing pollution -- the  UNK  -- making it more practical --  UNK  -- we deal with more and more  UNK  , more practical choice for complexity .
and then finally i decided i &apos;m going to go to the court and get this difficult conclusion .
we have a few hundred candidates every year , they &apos;re going to work with the state authorities .
we do a  UNK  application in order to augment the ability to find these  UNK  devices .
it turns out , he &apos;s not  UNK  .
and we all have felt in their own cultural records .
in both cases , i don &apos;t wait for patients , and i don &apos;t think they have a miss .
instead of spending money , what can we help ?
and you can talk about lots and lots of things around the world here .
the good news is that technology is helping to improve a lot of function of government processing , to make sense more effectively more effectively than the social sector .
when i was a kid , when i looked at her , and i looked at her , i would come to my side and hug me .
we &apos;ve been able to do from the old lady not for children .
and i remember like that day , it &apos;s almost like that .
thank you .
this kind of shame is a person .
and he looked at me , he said , &quot; oh , you wish i &apos;m not going to spend too much about my talk and talk . &quot;
the next step we find new applications for it .
judge them again again .
the physician , according to the way , according to the way , is by human flesh by meat , from known as a human being , accepting , that anything , when they get something wrong , but try to learn something something that has happened .
he drank a little sister , and i asked him to him . &quot;
and we think this is one of the main problems that why -- all of us -- not all of the medical advances have failed , since since we &apos;re not listening .
they &apos;re very crowded .
and we want this material accessible to people .
and here &apos;s saying , &quot; put your hands on every night . &quot;
now , it turns out that you &apos;re right .
the process of time i wanted to look at the time of life on earth .
and throughout the process , i collected more and more knowledge .
it &apos;s called  UNK  .
it &apos;s a community that tells us to turn it from a little joke to something that we all might be part of it .
so , one day , i decided to guard the manager , and i asked , &quot; what do you call these people really good work ? &quot;
and the dynamics of this is very simple and straightforward straightforward .
he always looked through the window , and he could hear all the  UNK  hours .
i &apos;m going to pass this .
thank you very much .
the next process is happening in these colonies .
by far , with these things , i &apos;m just going to tell you with your goals , or continue to go .
this is lake  UNK  .
now i thought this would be daunting .
and it was true .
and in that , there was forged documents . &quot;
so to get an idea of authenticity , i think it comes to planning planning .
what is a  UNK  mouse ? what &apos;s going to check it ? what &apos;s true ? yes .
we are on this line in the middle of the in the middle of the world in the world in which i existed in new zealand
and my colleagues are documenting and when you see the right on the right side , also to surgeons .
so we &apos;re starting to depend on the computer to do a different way of designing a building design .
do you know how many you have a choice ?
my mission is not to make her life through my throat , and my lesson is to realize that , yes , history has done us , but we have cracked .
and this starts from every single time .
before i finish up , let me tell you about my grandmother .
and you copy them in the same way in the same way . &quot;
they find themselves with their governments , but they don &apos;t complain , they find ways to repair .
but it &apos;s not that that have helped us to see what we have and have to pay for us to ourselves , and we lose ourselves .
i &apos;m not really sure about the definition of the system in technology .
and more than 10,000  UNK  in the dutch , found found .
they &apos;ve made these tools for the same government to egypt .
and if you look at a photograph , the results can be fantastic , and it &apos;s quite realistic .
and then the rest of that day , that afternoon , i got a feeling in the cage .
all right . thank you very much .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , one of the biggest stars in the world , justin bieber , starting from youtube .
in that same year , at the bell labs in a lab revolution will be published , the next generation of the bricks .
and then he looked at me .
and it creates these cells -- make these cells in a half billion years .
and i was sitting in the train wreck , because after three nights , she was brought into intensive care , and i hope that it was going to recover .
so the question about this is a very interesting question .
take these two programs , and they &apos;re going to create a product by their own rule of their own rule , and the product of pests models .
what would you say to this person ?
so i &apos;d like to give three basic principles that needs to make a result .
that &apos;s why i shouldn &apos;t .
what they need is a environmental environment for them to say that .
calvin , you &apos;ve actually  UNK  people &apos;s consideration .
they noticed that the city never had escaped the  UNK  .
but finally , it has led to how we interpret the world and how to realize it on a two-dimensional surface .
this is a brief video shows what we &apos;re doing .
do you want to see it ? &quot;
well , in fact , violence is still very strict unemployment .
and i thought , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
just ten times three times .
we &apos;re exporting solar power .
good . you &apos;re willing to receive the request .
what you &apos;re looking for is that people get out of the choices to lower lower bones , and over and over and over again .
and the idea idea is that it &apos;s as if the library is developing .
so they wanted to kill it because they ate it .
one is called &quot; jazz , &quot; the other one is called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
it &apos;s because the state is like a  UNK  of politics and politics is just a layer of six inches on the surface .
we even have it in telephone phones .
for me , it means to spend time to think , to talk about the poor , who are difficult , for whom you don &apos;t have the same time .
and i was a little kid , i was about eight , nine years old , i was teaching , into my living room , and i see all the  UNK  around the room .
they seem to give the choices worse in finance , health care .
and doing that  UNK  , or  UNK  .
i live in alabama , same as i would like to actually increase your vote forever , if you &apos;re squeamish .
here &apos;s where you &apos;re calling you from your city .
now i personally don &apos;t accept this , that the  UNK  brick that modern bureaucracy in order , but i decided to change it .
it &apos;s trying to do something about cola .
it &apos;s not only members of the code for america , and hundreds of people around the country are writing these kinds of everyday application in our communities .
we have a growing generation growing up with the development of the internet , and we know what &apos;s hard to do with each other , you just monitor the system .
&quot; the first thing she wanted to be told me that you have always loved . &quot;
or it &apos;s going to turn into a kind of  UNK  curve like this , until something that makes it happen , or maybe it will be like this .
so he did a job that whatever coding wants to do is write a app .
it &apos;s very much for others to talk about their mistakes .
many communities were terrified .
and the number of  UNK  has gone up very significant .
and then these communities were made out of people who know this story , and they began to say and do some things about it .
you can pay this for google , but it &apos;s disease , not the cow , but the part of the part , and it can lead to the critic .
i want to talk about issues and problems .
so by combining colors , red contrast and light at the boundaries of the lines of different pictures , add in the same challenges as the depth of the field , the currents and the british , and then the  UNK  , we , the  UNK  , the , the , , . , an image basically a picture .
they even use tools like  UNK   UNK  to infect your computer , and then they can get their information , you get their conversations , and you have your password .
but i fear  UNK  , the life of their lives .
like many people , i think the government is essentially just people to vote .
we &apos;re seeing some surprising development of my work .
one of the things that we did at rutgers university was a  UNK  .
this is a problem between freedom and  UNK  .
i don &apos;t know the source of all the  UNK  in links .
as you can see , not just as simple as playing as a chess tool .
and then i went there , and i &apos;ll just listen .
if you take the word &quot; button , &quot; if you mean that you &apos;re getting too many choices , that means that you &apos;re losing .
for example , in germany , a few weeks ago , people had discovered  UNK   UNK  , was a  UNK  employee workers who used the german government utilized to use their people .
good , there are some people .
how can this attack attack ?
and so it gives us a big question .
this is not the middle of privacy privacy and security .
and then again , make it for another generation .
and in fact , what we &apos;ve done is that human beings are starting to know .
privacy is to be sure .
because it is something that belongs to something that has been broken .
this is a dead sea dead .
there are lots of fish .
although i can accommodate it in there .
maybe the smallest of the app and the members wrote wrote last year .
my  UNK  brothers around her .
you &apos;ve got to cup and antibiotics .
that &apos;s why i want to talk about the power of sacredness .
three paragraphs : remember ?
so photography is to me as being true , right ?
he  UNK  coined by the official data .
and we can &apos;t stabilize the government until we do the best mission .
he just wanted to see people .
these companies can be a quick service , or a telephone call , for example , just to show that the devices that send send information about it .
but they do it .
anyone who wants to have their uniforms through the boat ?
i don &apos;t know talking about wine .
a long time ago in bay was a  UNK  whale years ago .
i think that our personality is broken .
a particularly interesting approach that i &apos;m still use is a lot of evolution .
so let me do it .
this is a  UNK  band .
they would argue it because it was presented to the early age than they didn &apos;t talk about .
and he says , &quot; she told you that they &apos;re special . &quot;
technology is ...
but today , at this moment in this moment , if you have bought a blood vessel from any garment you have a car , and if you have a printing press , and then you have a print on the page , it &apos;s got the yellow dot of the paper that you &apos;re typing in a form of paper that you can follow a source pattern , and from your shoes .
one of two hours later , if i would meet her , and then i meet her grandmother &apos;s money and said , &quot;  UNK  , i feel like you like ? &quot;
last year , we had a team of three people working on a week last week in the boston .
what they need is a medical cultural belief .
this is happening with us today .
but today that oil didn &apos;t really exist , as we say , because we &apos;re all right now , because all of them is a random recipe of chemistry chemistry .
and by doing a high dose of grasshoppers in eighth , to 20 percent , and more and more people are willing to save their money or save money .
and in two or three days later , everything is that she never woke up half .
so how does this happen ?
and i went back to work in the clinic .
so i started talking .
most of our ideas are crazy , but some of the idea is fantastic , and we create a breakthrough .
that &apos;s blood pressure is connected to the iphone or something else .
this process has continued to come up and become , i guess ,  UNK  is the right -- when a  UNK  sequence changes its changes .
if that &apos;s true , it means that we &apos;re in the middle of
in the next test report writing , &quot; i &apos;m walking in the area , and see the trash behind the house .
after nearly 100 years , in 1947 , the experimenter introduced this thing .
i started working with this sentence with the title is , &quot; you have tried to help a  UNK  black kid who looks like a director director , white , 75 . &quot;
and then i was in the desert , underwater below the same as a christian neighborhood ,  UNK  ali .
if you &apos;re doomed to have a certain amount of a certain degree , that &apos;s probably your phone calling you . &quot;
and the answer is , if i drew this on a normal curve curve , maybe it &apos;s a measure of time , and this is a measure of what technology i &apos;m trying to illustrate , graph in a very noisy .
and that &apos;s the brain and the neurological system .
now you don &apos;t have the option of the rain that might be good for us , at least we &apos;ll be better for our children , for example , in the case that showed us in this case that choice affects us in most important decisions .
and at the end of the end i was there in 1971 , the  UNK  study in west africa .
today , that number two million .
this is the  UNK  of  UNK  bay .
we want to keep things that are not enough , but things don &apos;t like anymore anymore .
my interest in photography photography began when i had a camera camera at age 15 .
and you don &apos;t see a society in a way that they treat people , who have power and people who are strong , and by whom the people in the way they treat the poor , the people who have
he doesn &apos;t think anything else . he begins with the control of animals .
for example , we &apos;re going to spend a million dollars for breakfast in five years , and , a million dollars .
it looks like looking for a date , but it &apos;s actually waiting someone else , because he knows that i wasn &apos;t good at reducing fire when the birds were in  UNK  .
and that is the connection of hearts and hearts , the intensity and the way that i believe is going to make us not only pay attention to things that are difficult to do .
the system of that system , it turns out how they form their unique information , has radically altered the process of evolution .
she said , &quot; what do you do ? &quot;
and i think the opportunity is all around us .
and it &apos;s kind of new technologies that &apos;s going to make it , rather than engulf it .
if you generalize this , something like this happens .
that &apos;s the  UNK  .
and at that moment , we have a population colony , colony of different types of cells , working together as a single ingredient .
well , if you live in a remote area , and you have a  UNK  ,  UNK  and your family publisher , that the surgeon , a  UNK  or a supplier of supplier , which is the risk of extinction .
not a scientific approach -- she &apos;s placed a cup or coffee shop and asked her patients , family and family , &quot; what &apos;s the story ?
so we decided to do a little experiment , and we managed to reconstruct the lab .
and then the only decided to use this software to help prevent people from remote locations .
this is happening all fast , and that &apos;s why i see it pretty ambiguous .
and she &apos;s not nearly spoken word poetry and poland .
last year ,  UNK   UNK  did this video , he photographed his outside his house in yosemite national park .
we have difficulty hard to talk about race today , because it &apos;s because we &apos;re not going to be fearful and reconciliation .
thank you .
every time thinking about grandma , of course , she knew that all of these are special .
so i wrote this crazy thing .
&quot;  UNK  sand is an astonishing picture of recorded music .
who can predict &quot;  UNK   UNK  , &quot; or  UNK  . &quot;
and we know that we can &apos;t really do people in the way we care about human rights and dignity .
but the west government does that day .
and a night , i was very upset , and i started thinking , well , if the judge could do that , it was really powerful force .
on the left and jazz on the left is the  UNK  , but you know what &apos;s not .
but when this happens , everything changed the way .
and these people know that we didn &apos;t have to focus on it .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
and that &apos;s the neurological structures .
two years later , i was a train at a train hospital in northern toronto , and i went to a four-year old man named  UNK  .
i don &apos;t believe it .
and then the development sector , that means that the pressure continues to countries that countries have had 70 troops on their radio  UNK  .
oh my god . oh my god .
now i want to have kids , and i &apos;m wondering about the boats .
at the time , when we eat that we wanted to walk , we were going to jump into a bathroom and shop through the sky .
we have flown in  UNK  , the suburbs area in the suburbs that people are immigration .
when the  UNK  &amp; amp ; amp ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
now , if you can get higher .
we can solve many more granular than we dealt with choice .
more importantly , we are citizens .
and it doesn &apos;t seem like no one guy going to do it . &quot;
he was dying of leukemia .
so , for example , how does this work , or why the harnessing of the automated automated automated tissue ,  UNK  the  UNK  response .
but on the  UNK   UNK  , everything was available , to all the body .
&quot; well , we are trying to change injustice .
now , you can do all of those hormones cords , run all those of them , and pick up the top of the top  UNK  with what i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
i &apos;m not supposed to be  UNK  ; no , i &apos;m in the same way .
and so , i can do a similar evolution of several million years in a computer for a few minutes in a few minutes , or if you look in complexity , a few hours .
why do we have to follow this kind of  UNK  in  UNK  ?
my mother , my sister and i slept them on a bed .
these pictures are completely made by images from different parts .
it turns out that we can actually solve much more information than we can do it .
and it &apos;s almost like a reaction in a sense , like when you start to attack that person .
over the past decade over the past decade , we &apos;ve seen three major negative consequences in the cause of people .
and only nurse thought and he said , &quot; well , i think she &apos;s going to be okay . &quot;
in a  UNK  , not only i wrote it , i &apos;ve sent it to the supreme court .
so in those plans , we had had planned to have a long plan to get from the people from volunteers where they come from school .
and this boat , pretty bad , it &apos;s called four .
and let &apos;s apply this story into my medical world a more topic topic to me , which is probably a little bit deeper than what i &apos;m going to show you with you .
if you don &apos;t , when you ask , and if you can answer , please please clap .
for example , the most complex version of us know the language of human beings .
matthew anderson ,  UNK  al and so on .
and i think this starts from a doctor , that &apos;s me .
and then the women came to tell their story about men who couldn &apos;t fit in new life , anger and  UNK  , and the young performers between the world .
and i have to tell you that that made me .
now the question i want to ask is , if you look at the curves in these conventions , they don &apos;t multiply it forever .
and what &apos;s interesting is that when i teach my students on the american history , i tell them them about slavery .
now , i &apos;m optimistic optimistic , so i think it can go in this way .
well , since then i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; yes , good . &quot;
and there are hundreds of numbers .
if the government found out of documents documents structures that they don &apos;t be able to see who are the ones of these crazy ideas . &quot;
now it &apos;s not those who are choosing choices that anyone in whom we treat each other when you look at the prime minister for them .
how can it look for help in a situation like this ?
and i  UNK  everything .
in the last week , in a hut meeting with the dutch government , i had asked the question of a leaders of whether that he had found that there was no idea that nobody had to die for being attacked .
a couple of weeks ago we took to risd and give them a couple of designers who had no experience with the same with wood , wood and paper -- and told them , &quot; do something . &quot;
among the people who stop when we gave them 24 , only three percent of them buy a  UNK  bottle .
so you don &apos;t lose the animals .
in fact , a lot of people , and scientists tend to understand that it was very different .
when a friend of mine told me that i needed to see this amazing video on a man who had a bike protest in my new york city , i had to admit that i wasn &apos;t interested in .
now i &apos;m going to show you more .
i got a big privilege , , when i was a teenager , i met an airplane .
in the ability to link , the earth and technology , a lot of other possibilities .
my mom / computer store and learn to  UNK  and  UNK  a business model .
so he helped people to check those lights .
he suffered a disease that might be dangerous chops .
let me tell you a few thumbs .
and my doctor would also be able to get this data , so that you can see these problems in terms of my weight , not only at the time that i needed to support for a heart or something like that , but through that time .
but in this part -- what i do is i &apos;ve made this code -- the code has the words that we used to  UNK  it -- and i wrote my business card on a piece of dna , and it grows 10 quadrillion to 22 times .
fifteen , 20 minutes left behind me , by through the room and then i asked her , &quot; ooh ,  UNK  . i &apos;m going to talk . &quot;
because this picture makes it more realistic than you .
it &apos;s a group of employers who writes writing a mock video report to pay tribute to the request for the financial reform .
it &apos;s just a combination of different realities .
we don &apos;t really know more about this .
it &apos;s just like this .
if you don &apos;t do it , other people can get it .
and some of those ticks oil has a combination of chemical elements in the ingredient that causes them to the outside of the  UNK  and  UNK  the flowers .
and when i walked into my hands , i saw my ass .
actually , i didn &apos;t study this when i was lawyers , through my job .
it was in the united states in the u.s.
and there &apos;s silence silence .
we &apos;re never going to do it in our own country .
there &apos;s no apple can be done .
one of the important things that we need to think about the state is that it doesn &apos;t seem like politics .
i &apos;m hoping and we treat treatment .
so now , what i did is to design the tangible level of things that seem to mimic the same way .
i used a while i was sitting in a grave with my father , and he got out of the card and said , &quot; oh , look at this .
or these pictures like this -- my blood and blood , all of them , a result of a positive level of authenticity .
just sharing sharing with other people .
and today we want to introduce this device not only  UNK  of this product , which is called  UNK  .
people have seen a small example of billion people in evolution , when we evolved on the youtube show in front of them .
in them over the next 20 years , i wrote papers and do medical supplies of medicine , i &apos;ve been able to study the wrong and error in medicine to learn everything , from one of the first favorites i wrote , from one of the first songs that i wrote in toronto , and i was like , &quot;  UNK  white . &quot;
there &apos;s always a start with a loop , an idea .
and the black man stood up and looked at the  UNK  street , and he looked at me , and i looked at me , and i said , &quot; here i &apos;m here to talk about this woman or  UNK  in his goal . &quot;
in rwanda , even after the genocide is worse , there was pledged committed to these in this country , we still haven &apos;t done that .
about 10 minutes after the judge thought .
they sell them .
there &apos;s a  UNK  baseball axes .
in fact , every living organism all stored stored by its genome by the  UNK  and the dna code .
and these are not the same features of the media , and it &apos;s almost like not true of the media , but they will determine the way of the future .
this is a page of report on the analysis that we are working on the power of the power of processors because the  UNK  mechanism .
over the next couple of years , i experienced my experience and my first time , i experienced my interest in my medical culture -- in my culture that i saw in my face -- in my culture , i couldn &apos;t see , as  UNK  as depressed , because i can &apos;t talk to my colleagues .
groups like monrovia , and over the course of 12 months and eventually become a vital force in the game of this ceremony .
friday , friday . come down into the friday of the people who are going to go to the weekend , the sixth , friday , down in the friday , you &apos;re going to not think that we have a conversation today talking about music , i hope that .
i don &apos;t know .
they learn how to storing information in the information that cell replicates into a chemical chemical called dna .
she came back and death .
and if you do not anticipate what you can &apos;t say . then your consumers are .
and i would understand and believe that each of us have to do worse than we were ever done .
and these are organized criminals .
but somehow , we streamed ourselves from this problem .
&quot; she thought that child . &quot;
but i &apos;m still going to say , i was 19 years old and i admit that i never had a drink of wine wine .
in fact , they &apos;re more efficient programs on the program that i can train .
but the numbers are numbers .
when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i used to a lot of grocery stores , and i was actually pretty rich .
thank you very much to ted . thank you .
these  UNK   UNK  pointed up and tell you .
it &apos;s something deeply energetic in the human part of human beings , about the ability to people &apos;s contribution to the communities , for those unexpected thoughts .
so one of the customers went from a lot of options , 3,000 miles , to four choices , four engines .
it &apos;s a  UNK  bracket of land and it &apos;s dark .
and one time i came up and hear them back in a couple of hours , three of lights around lights and said , &quot; well ,  UNK  , let me tell me about  UNK  dressing  UNK  .
and finally i came out of the car , money .
they . wait a minute .
and even not like a technology company , which is more like the internet .
it gives a software that takes a few years .
thank you .
hold them back together .
i went into the car and then went to the court .
for example , if you live in california , then this spring is going to have a continuous revolution in here , we &apos;re trying to attempt at the end of the punishment .
on my week , a device will soon be released .
on my tv show , &quot; white  UNK  white , &quot; i &apos;m hoping to say , &quot; this is the worst mistake of mine , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk to everyone from medical school , to find open-heart surgery , &quot; blah , blah blah blah blah blah , &quot; blah , blah blah blah blah blah blah , &quot; blah , blah , blah blah blah blah blah blah , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah ,
there &apos;s a huge amount of genome on this species .
because the evolution of today today is happening in one individuals .
good , good , it &apos;s a superstar .
by the way , the environmental approach , i think a big problem in the past 10 years , is that i remember buried in in the room , down into the computer screen , they &apos;re not outside .
these pictures are so overwhelming because of this transition is going through .
i &apos;ll never forget her .
that &apos;s life in centuries .
and because i got too late , without thinking thinking , and i started writing a petition .
and in fact , if i knew and my colleagues i knew that a  UNK  my husband &apos;s reaction to my heart attack , in my own hospital , believe me , i &apos;m going to see if i looked at the  UNK  .
you don &apos;t love baseball baseball , right ?
this is an example of the project where they did , the gun that controls the ice sheet .
and so this approach is still good for anything that we do out-of-the-box creatively .
we can make them start doing what they don &apos;t think they can do .
i think if someone is lying down , they &apos;re not lying .
i think , even when you kill somebody , you &apos;re not as a murderer .
these  UNK  are surrounded by the trees you can see , a few trees .
because there are billions of dollars .
but this is with mobile technology , we can bring them small , outside world of technology .
i had my skin , i was convinced that i didn &apos;t really come from .
we all heard about blogs , we &apos;ve all heard about the priests , but there &apos;s no  UNK  in india india know about india , the  UNK  ?
and even though i graduated , i realized that i can &apos;t  UNK  in law .
and my patient is not a big ; it &apos;s not nearly every time they &apos;re sending their symptoms in the same way .
stephen  UNK  .
when this person gets the other person , our community becomes larger .
and we wanted to start this device around the world .
i &apos;m sitting here today ,  UNK  , hoping that will create in the first instance , and messy and there &apos;s a little bit like my thinking .
i think i &apos;ll hear a lot more .
but , you know what ?
terrorism , this is starting to end up at the end of defense , and we went to the world war ii .
for example , there &apos;s been on a walk .
&quot; when we &apos;re in eastern europe , dealing with the public we want to get all the things that we need to be all of the things that we need to be the most compassionate belief and the willingness to be
and you think that bees come to the tail will be mountains , but it &apos;s not .
in fact , the embodiment is the essence of my belief that my father &apos;s early as well as well as well .
the project helps to look for the public school fit for my children .
and that , with the larger level , what we want to do today .
there &apos;s three  UNK  sources .
they go from the lower option , they &apos;re standing there .
and that creates a social network around the collection of digital photography .
but this brings me to care .
&quot; because from her , she secreted her , &quot; he said .
we &apos;re giving our children and ourselves ourselves up close to the natural world and the magic and the joys of hope and our hope is that we have as simple as a story .
someone has penetrated in the system and it destroys completely .
in 1972 , there had been sentenced to prison .
and people will probably be at home where their blood pressure and then send the data i can even share with others , it &apos;s worth more than $ 100 dollars .
so what i &apos;m going to do is i &apos;m going to change my  UNK  .
three brothers three days later .
it &apos;s still trying to study the english language and take the machine .
but the cat is watching the other cat .
in our country , in the long run in the long time , there are still two percent lethal , and you will be able to be convicted of death , when they were victims of the black hole , who was the black man who was the black man who was the white man who was the white man who cloned man is the white man who cloned man is the white man who were banished penguins .
&quot; in germany didn &apos;t have a lottery . &quot;
i live in two worlds .
it arises with my life-long passion , but there &apos;s a little different , because it uses a camera , the process of puppetry .
in fact , i made two mistakes .
i also believe that in many countries in this country , and of course , many countries in the world , the  UNK  of poor is not rich .
what we did is we put in a machine that has happened in the process of the  UNK  .
he said , &quot; you  UNK  , did you write this crazy crazy ? &quot;
they want to tell their story . they want to share their story .
i &apos;m good , i &apos;m passionate about , i &apos;m sorry .
in a hospital where a medical system where doubled doubled two or three years , we can &apos;t keep track .
they have more than  UNK  different kinds of different kinds .
if we want our authorities to work , we have to make that system .
removing these ideas that constantly kept in our mind that they &apos;re very important .
and the premise seems to be a moment until i met three  UNK  .
but now , video on the web has done that anyone in any of us , or anything in which we can make become fully famous in a culture in our world .
the second animal that we see today aren &apos;t because of money for money .
go ahead and start inventing .
he was the poet , the playwright , a man who had a life of life in the  UNK  to the only that his country would be free .
the most important thing that is really important for me is to create in the western world .
and i went there because i grew up in europe , and i wanted to be successful in africa .
lynn verinsky , the netherlands is in the  UNK  ,  UNK  , who lives and activist society , invited to speak in places that have never heard any of the houses that have never imagined .
now is the first question of today , are you ready to hear about immigration issues ?
they use their own hands to write up with better apps .
now if i talk about cities , for example , technology is possible technology , on a  UNK  curve , it looks very sinister , like a straight line .
so what you need to do is the green place in green , and then quickly , you can start to make the bigger ones .
so , for example , the future seems to be a year for every year per year .
because this process seems to be very hard to know when we &apos;re in the middle of this process .
and i was shocked and i went down .
these are not recorded by documents .
he went away .
and the english texts in the conversation in human beings have a common point , they &apos;re starting from scratch .
according to the time we focus on the big animals in the sea , we focus on the big fish .
because because liberals are right in the body , you can easily easily be able to engage with stereotypes in your area .
this is my generation used to fight for the rights .
not only that , you have to register a colored document that comes out of the typewriter .
thank you .
the  UNK  ratio in the united states has not been violent crime .
on the other hand , it &apos;s used to be used to pull people out of the chair that come together with some of the games to better care .
we used all all the colleagues in all around the world , the universities , to help us us to look , to work , work and work as an information center of information in the world .
boston is not a  UNK  .
it &apos;s hard to imagine .
and a map is open .
and if you &apos;re asking for those other points , they come into the next day .
but at the same time , we know that we can &apos;t .
people think that politics is very attractive .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
in high school , you pick the top grade , i &apos;m going to check , i &apos;m going
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .
and she was born in the 1920s and had to  UNK  camp , which was shaped the way she looked at her life .
they seem to choose what they do less little while they are able to do better .
do you know how many you have a choice ?
this is the result of the brilliant people at the  UNK  offices in boston .
&quot; are you small patients for you ? &quot;
my mother ,  UNK  , every age of her mother -- had her family , a  UNK  marriage ago , had two little girls .
and one obvious truth is that dangerous predators are getting worse .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you can actually get it , but i always wanted it to be in a way in a way a way .
that &apos;s the input for the system and the election .
they can come up with anyone in any vehicle , and they &apos;re still doing it .
can i give me one of my life in my life , the  UNK  in all of the river ,  UNK  , no
but combine together , they can create something like this .
and similarly , &quot;  UNK   UNK  looks like what it refers to nothing .
so the first step of my story told me that people will happen in a billion years .
and if you &apos;re one of those guys , i asked you to consider , because things are changing .
by some way we don &apos;t understand , but little barbs that learned how to get information .
and the next piece of painting is about four women , three generations of their life .
we are actually teaching our children .
this is the chart showing this video when the first time became the last summer .
that &apos;s too  UNK  .
we see this , but we don &apos;t want to talk about yourself .
in 2010 , video was 23 million views .
innovation , creativity , innovation and development is not only from the idea of our minds .
and there are many similar projects in every level in the level of the system .
these  UNK   UNK  had been punched in the room of  UNK  during hundreds of thousands of years of a thousand books .
even though , we seem to be comfortable with this .
but what makes it with simple is that whenever i don &apos;t think , again , it takes my data through google .
and here you &apos;ll see , along with a couple of beers , paper and the water ,  UNK   UNK  .
and what we found was in that there was a correlation .
and while we do believe in the right now , right now , in this year that our minds are losing .
and yes , my mother &apos;s all right here in the next few or five years .
the more process changed , the speed of the speed .
we are  UNK  and we &apos;re almost impossible to understand what we &apos;re doing .
and i think that what we see is that , if you &apos;re teachers , your word will be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a rich worthy of compassion , your meaning is meaningful .
several minutes later .
maybe maybe a minute to run video .
my grandfather was from the  UNK   UNK  and you .
let &apos;s start .
i believe that true for everyone on earth .
people were saving each other , but the government prevailed in the bottom .
and so , i think this image has its meaning , if people look at it with a few billion years .
now , how many times do we have a political party -- and we usually spend a lot of energy to go to find a political party -- and then we sit and then our government will reflect our values and satisfying our needs , but then ?
this is an example of how our government is using technology to fight us , but citizens of the country .
and after about nine days , they left her -- she  UNK  , the mother , mom , and her .
and the threats of terrorism is shaping their lives .
my  UNK  technology : conditions for complexity .
now , try to do a problem problem at least six times people want to buy a  UNK  bottle when they see six species rather than seeing them .
their war doesn &apos;t look like we are not who we are not going to be the conversation ; they all have to do that .
this is not ...
and two days later on the next axis , and it was my time to speak to me in her room .
no .
at that time , when  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  from  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , wouldn &apos;t get  UNK  , , you wouldn &apos;t go into the water and water .
the united states is the only nation in the 15 world 15 years old .
second , combine the pictures should have a kind of light .
i &apos;m a student obsessed with perfection .
and the next stage , like neural systems and brain , a few hundred million years .
and those choices make change the amount of choices that they make every decision .
in other words , they form , in a kind of ecological evolution , an idea that will allow them to sniff , how they can copy .
and we found that the more resources were coming out , really , less .
photos like this : how to build a crowded line .
they were  UNK  .
i just show it the puzzles of the reality where you can take the different parts of the reality and the group of them is to create a reality .
a few months later , i felt like this .
so i &apos;m talking about 19 youth and education , and about those who are  UNK  , excluded ,  UNK  .
they were there in snow .
but the capacity that weren &apos;t allowed to be allowed to allow a reward .
they have 250 million species and the different mustard , and weighing over 500 species and vegetables , and they have two different countries , and that &apos;s a lot of time , and we &apos;re really miserable .
it &apos;s amazing because after my presentation , there was a scholar who stood up and said , &quot; i &apos;m really excited to hear what he was talking about . &quot;
what would you do with that ?
maybe i don &apos;t want to make a  UNK  .
and when i talk about this problem , i &apos;m going to have some questions for you and i hope to know you answer you .
if people go back to 150 years , 2.5 billion years of earth , the planet has been a lot of chemical particles around them .
my mother is now , i &apos;m by my age on the boat .
and that happens .
last year , we had a team in boston school program for america .
i walked into the car , in my heart , very slim .
oh , you have to go back .
so what &apos;s next ?
when i started this program , i didn &apos;t know the government .
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
and then -- she said , &quot; this book is ... &quot; and so i put my name .
they &apos;re very controversial and controversial .
the other thing we hope is that we are yearning to help , is companies around companies around the world can help us sustain these  UNK  devices .
and i claim that today is that our immune system are becoming the victims of a greater risk of risk in danger .
these platforms help us a society .
he told me , &quot; come on , we do this today , and i always do what you &apos;re doing and girls and girls . &quot;
today , i &apos;d like to talk about one of the biggest themes on our choices , is a problem with other choices .
i used to love this shop , but naturally , i used to ask myself how do you go and didn &apos;t buy anything ?
and i really think that the most important thing is that we don &apos;t have a heart disease .
and you know the patient , you can get more information about three .
but for many years , many years old .
and only about 12 percent of those decisions that they have done in a more or even more .
when i was three  UNK  , i click a little voice in my lap told me that , &quot;  UNK  , not my opinion , right . don &apos;t do it . &quot;
it &apos;s three young black men in 18 , 30 years , there &apos;s one person in jail , or  UNK  .
how do i show up 10 minutes on the strings of wired to three generations three stories of stories , about how  UNK  mounds are riddled with a little girl whose daughter &apos;s daughter , her mom , and her over the last night in a little zodiac boat on the last 30 years ago , these wires are going to get her life , and then she lives in san francisco and talking to you today ?
and this is what we did , we used the &quot; willful &quot; in the netherlands .
and so all these different colors are different .
if there is a resource in our family , the source is spreading through women .
and that &apos;s basically what i want to talk about .
oh , i guess what ?
and so i went out of  UNK  , and my ambulance , my grandmother , she asked her home .
and of course , she thought what we needed to aspire .
if you call the nintendo malls , that would cost more money .
i didn &apos;t remember the  UNK  of many times , but thrown away from the  UNK  of the men of the man on the boat , or a train crash and died in the clock .
so the conclusion that we did was that magic miracle was replaced by replacement .
it was only taught me very simple .
but then what happens is that they can create , of course , the  UNK  in communication communication .
look at what &apos;s going on is moving in the world , we can  UNK  activities that are based on the attack .
the bottom line is that the stuff is towed on the boat , and then it goes down again .
in fact , different colors in the way that they can make the difference in the chemical around them , growing faster , faster and stronger .
it was a long time for me to crash , because she had been discharged for six years .
in fact , we can augment the  UNK  , and so many people did .
and i looked at her , and she was very big .
and in this case , a neighbor sees .
we wanted to integrate all around the world in the &quot; bricks &quot;
you have to recognize the big challenges that they face .
there they come up with great apps , working with their staff .
and in the worst moments of wonder : why did this false mistakes ?
we &apos;ve got some fantastic tedtalks .
they have over 75 varieties of  UNK  oils , including these kinds of jets in their own jets .
the next piece of panels is a boat in a sunset / 11  UNK  .
but it doesn &apos;t make it a video .
he was very busy , i was asked .
you know , the average grocery store today gives you  UNK  .
and that &apos;s when i made the first mistake ; i gave three  UNK  .
UNK  d up and then walk home .
i &apos;m a foreign statement .
what if i was a writer who i was able to turn it into a kind of virus , and he put it into this room .
it has a twist in the middle of air .
and she said , well , remember ?
if i started with you easily , i learned how to choose .
but there &apos;s still a different way of thinking about how we are in our personalities .
people go in the room because they &apos;re very angry .
this is a typical example of what &apos;s going to happen when the government is attacking the authority .
we tell those words with words .
and &quot; she &apos;s the answer to him .
in fact , this is jimmy .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m my &quot; . &quot; he said , &quot; do you ? &quot;
and just the other out of other people , and it &apos;s not kind of like , &quot; well , it &apos;s kind of  UNK  , &quot; incentivize , to engage people can better .
for those people who didn &apos;t have engineers ,  UNK   UNK  became a different material , electronic electronic became a new material .
we tell her storytelling and told her we were all three .
we &apos;ve already have different types of different types of different types of different types of different types of different types of different types of different types of  UNK  , and we found two things : the first one , in case , where do you want to stop , throw something out of the kinds of people ?
and when i walked onto the land of a population , a man who had a black man on my younger brother , who was the  UNK  .
so an app is built in a few days days , and then gradually  UNK  , that &apos;s the shortcut in building the system .
we need to find a way to confront the challenges , the problems and the places that inequality .
scott has this .
that our survival exists in all of us are intimately intertwined .
it &apos;s going to make a  UNK  thermostat , or slower , you just take this stage and fast pace at simple .
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . i &apos;m not wearing a beer . &quot;
in cities in this country like los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington , 50 to 50 percent of the people who are in the same condition , they &apos;re  UNK  , or inhibition .
it turns out that circumcision  UNK  on top and under the  UNK  corridor of every magazine where the different magazine come from  UNK  .
and in fact , they were pollen in the colony and the special structures that were responsible for all of the records , read ,  UNK  information .
the director of medicine and the  UNK  .
in the funding plan to 60 percent of financial financial growth has been reduced in one of those .
and so , humans , we have a basic tendency to get copyright protection .
you think of the &apos; clock &apos;s dog &apos;s a dog bypass , a nurse or a surgeon or a surgeon , a surgeon , a fireman , a physician ?
i &apos;ve experienced a long time to live in a community of people who live in low-income communities and places like depression .
&quot; oh , she goes back , &quot; true like this .
we have a bias bias in the experience experience , for example , can i agree with a very mild patient patient .
and i was taken from the shape of this piece of bright colors , but they weren &apos;t fit into each other .
you &apos;ve heard that before , but it &apos;s not much less than today .
you can chase it down .
and when i heard of her legacy , i was able to hear  UNK   UNK  in both sides of three cases .
thank you .
because the division of me know how to divide them .
i &apos;m going to talk about a little idea .
let me show you how it works .
at the end of a camp , and we told us that he had to  UNK  .
so this may happen in the presence of a living presence of existence , in the same time they can form this particular structure , which can be learned in the process of hundreds of thousands of individuals who died because they ate .
this is the description of people .
and it got this idea in winter , i knew i had to take a few months to prepare , to find different places for parts of the photographs .
the telephone , the computer ,  UNK  , cd cd and various other things are the kinds of devices that we create in society to work with information .
and the eye of them is going to come out , they &apos;ll be fearful , and then they &apos;ll look down and get their heads and starts to tell me their story .
because that &apos;s what you do when you &apos;re a  UNK   UNK  bear in the yosemite mountains .
the more choice is going to people all of the money into the financial markets .
i learned something very simple when i work .
and in that number , there &apos;s only a common rate of becoming common , get a lot of views , and become a cultural phenomenon .
this is not finished .
and then it &apos;s integrating integrating different pictures .
she has always been married .
and the e.r. office takes the new yorker stop .
for example here , we have the designers that are completely unaware of video games starts playing with the creative tool .
i started seeing a little bit better .
because they don &apos;t know it differently .
and so what i &apos;d like to ask , what i &apos;m still going to ask myself , is the new state of world
what about today ? what is this friday ?
... pay attention to the community .
he breathed into silence .
and the the one is that we &apos;ve got out there doing things .
she was so strong , powerful and powerful power in the family .
the last eight years before i was at the media lab , i discovered i thought that the idea was to know how to engineer engineers and designers .
this is a very good question .
it can happen in real-time information .
shree bose . i &apos;m an  UNK  kevin . i am the  UNK  of youtube , and i watched video videos in youtube .
my mom never would never be successful .
here &apos;s an example .
i want to tell you why this is so much more qualitative project .
scott &apos;s directly .
people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to stop . &quot;
so now , evolution can happen in a few seconds .
we conjecture that the 10 10 years of consumption would control the same as a vote .
so why do i worry ?
it &apos;s not that we need to struggle , effort .
&quot; go ahead , &quot; i said , &quot; and i don &apos;t get somebody else . &quot;
so , by the way , the last couple of months won , you can rewind him .
my mom was confused for the boat .
it &apos;s the time you hear somebody else &apos;s wrong , and wrong is wrong ?
the pictures where you will take a little time to think to find a secret .
this is  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  , and order .
bjorn  UNK  .
now , the patient patient &apos;s face , says he insisted on the ground and said , and i hid the breath for your breath , and suddenly my face had been affected .
if i just showed you a new yorker magazine , and i split it up to 10 times more than when i just gave you to magazines magazines and split it , 20 percent of you believe that i believe you gave you a lot of choice and choices , better choices if i give you more than i &apos;m just going to you over .
how would you feel like if you live in a world where they ate , and especially when it was the  UNK  .
but they don &apos;t know how to build it before , as a loss .
over time , it will change -- it changes the cause of what makes the impact caused by natural .
for almost 200 million views .
they &apos;re not considered as a loss .
when the chinese is cut down 10 percent of the products that they eat the cat , they see the increase in the increase in the increase of the increase in the increase in the increase of the growth , a  UNK  increase of the increase and the  UNK  increase .
in the united states , the medical institute .
and this is one of three main source of the main challenges on the web .
because it doesn &apos;t look like this .
but what they &apos;re actually doing is things that can happen in the technology of today .
if you think of the movie &quot;  UNK  , &quot; if you think about how old it is , how do it come up to you -- don &apos;t pay attention to the story of what i mean , why is  UNK  by the symbol . &quot;
it &apos;s about the movement of uranus .
now , who is ready ?
now i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds to read it afterwards , and i want you to ask if you &apos;re ready to say goodbye .
it combines images ,  UNK  , illustrations , sound .
it &apos;s  UNK  ,  UNK  .
who did in the third industry , she  UNK  , especially medical treatments because we meet patients .
there &apos;s a convergence between technology and design that allows us to be human beings when we &apos;re paying attention to the fact that people are paying attention to the fact that poverty , there &apos;s no reason to be  UNK  and injustice .
and that &apos;s right . a bad news for scott .
and because of that , when i was the college student in the end , i was elected by australia .
and what we see is is the number of funding resources available in the world , save the number of power that have influence the ability to save more tomorrow .
and how about the arab spring and what happened ?
while video video is uploaded in january 2014 .
and those coals that they began to divide and divide .
i met people from social media , lots of people who are working in love , live in the boundaries of opportunity .
in fact , he collected animals .
because these people create creatures like  UNK   UNK  introduces us and interesting things like a big audience .
you can say that concrete has become  UNK  bricks .
and at the same time i realized that doing the same thing , that every woman , every man -- and it is not only , but it &apos;s something that we should be grateful , can be a gift of a boat .
tell them , we had to grow up with that .
but grassroots applications like  UNK  suggests that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just the consumers of government , the taxpayers and then journalistic services .
absolutely no mistake .
i was very , very , just like everyone .
for example , for example , 300 , 300  UNK  .
sometimes they make a hallucinations .
this condition is happening when they look normal , and instead of  UNK  , blood flow , a stool blood flow in the lungs , and then the blood vessel .
in other words , every morning here represents a level in a ladder .
instead of bringing them to the third world , we gave them the fate of the city .
so , i &apos;m going to go now .
but the  UNK  brick is blood .
he came here in the  UNK  years , you know quite well .
that &apos;s saying , it &apos;s not what you do is bad , you &apos;re bad guys .
and i found that integrating images that you have a similar process .
but if you &apos;re going to look at this problem is going to be like , &quot; ok , sounds ridiculous , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because i &apos;m a citizen citizen .
and so ,  UNK  .
it &apos;s us .
the underwater is covered in one of them .
it &apos;s inflated when we move it .
nerve neurons is the ability to augment the information that cell types of cells .
we have to increase that complexity .
so , if you look closely at the end of the financial services , you &apos;ve got the two financial foundations in kenya in the late 1990s , and we didn &apos;t want .
i think the arts and arts can teach , and  UNK  .
you close green to the green , you can make a movement .
we &apos;re working on a system in the situation where it happens every day , in the old days of 10 dollars a few or a  UNK  or a  UNK  , , , , , , , , , , , , , from the divorce cases of hospitals , led to the more and more
maybe i wanted to be successful , and from brazil responsible for me to come from work with the patient &apos;s father , but also not connected to you .
thank you very much .
well , it &apos;s a friday day , right .
we also brought  UNK  to teach courses .
they become more vulnerable , because they &apos;re forcing us .
in other words , i figured out what i wanted .
we all want to be the celebrity stars , singers , the comedian and actor , when i was a kid , that seems to be very difficult to do .
&quot; that would make you tired , honey , and &quot; flowers . &quot;
lego did it .
one of the things will happen .
at the point of that happened when these communities were so close to each other , so in fact , they come together to form a recipe for them to join the entire fish on a piece of dna .
in one of the world , i &apos;m a typical student , a  UNK  .
i &apos;ve shown books books in 16 years old .
you put a battery in the middle of the middle , and now you can shine light until you .
i learned in my little  UNK  fellowship at the rockefeller museum in toronto hospital , not far away .
now there &apos;s a project in california  UNK  deployed spending two billion dollars , which is still not working .
in the next book , we plan to have an interactive activity that you can take a picture of the satellite video and through technology augmented reality , you see this kind of  UNK  carpet on the outside of your house .
for the poor , the people of this , the , the people of this , the people that they have
one of the interactions in interactions is you &apos;ve been taken away from a tour journey in which you have to go outside of the camera and the images of different shapes .
this is interesting . this is how technology comes in real life .
so every morning i don &apos;t need to have wifi on the floor and before i walk into the car , people who began to tell me , &quot; i think you &apos;re going to eat you  UNK  . &quot;
this is a conference where people are talking about the future , and each of you can see that future is spinning around 2,000 2000 .
the nose comes from around the world .
i asked to make an electrical impulse . when you see the normal wheat , my colleagues are showing the  UNK  on the right side and a surgeon .
imagine him , a man who went on  UNK  , the fact that his life was  UNK  .
if you can get far higher , because i click the piece of paper here .
what do you think about it ?
they came from the idea that they were allowed to express themselves .
and even though that , it has increased attention .
we have here , there are three reasons that there is perfect , but what we can do is relevant to life in our world .
every option was counted , and secured course , and i got to feed english and all kinds of  UNK  that no matter how to lose weight , often it &apos;s a new clothes ; em &amp; gt ; em &amp; gt ;
in both cases , patients have been trained and good .
he &apos;s actually a blogger .
and then one day -- this is actually a report -- there &apos;s something that happens : &quot;  UNK  mouse in the trash cans . don &apos;t know it  UNK  .
and what we found , we didn &apos;t find ourselves from it .
but we &apos;re taking a very complicated thing , make it gracefully , a string of language , and a kind of  UNK  , and forms of people in a human mind .
UNK  !
this is also another typical example of how the government goes online .
in retrospect , i saw the seriousness of the world has been changed the world .
but it has a never-ending doesn &apos;t want .
this is the main office company .
as most of adults in the boat , my mother brought in a small bottle .
i wanted to take this new initiative of everyday life and the pleasures of life in the territory of no one -- no , mom and two daughters ended up every day like the last 20 years , told each other day , and every day , we had a bed .
and the big piece of 50 units became the worst part of me .
but as a member called  UNK   UNK  , attention to the other one thing , that &apos;s what people are going to go ahead of those things .
the worst eras that i remember was from the boat -- the engine , the  UNK  , the boat in the river , the  UNK  .
we &apos;ll just -- we can see -- we &apos;ll just throw away from the video ...
it &apos;s not me because i thought i was , right , is morality ; i want to talk about the power of human personality .
and right , today , kids aren &apos;t anymore .
i think the philosophical metaphor of this is actually involuntary , hasn &apos;t helped anything for anyone .
and when i heard three  UNK  , poland .
this is the center of communication and communication .
when i was 14 , 15 years old , i went home , and i drew six friends , i didn &apos;t know what he got it from his head , and he yanked my siblings into the forest .
it &apos;s not never been a choice .
UNK  , we started the part of this evening , i had a conversation .
&quot; not only  UNK  . &quot;
we like to innovate .
now , one hour after her home , after i left her home , poland and her grandmother and his wife calling her and calling her back into the emergency room and blood pressure is just 50 .
what i &apos;d like to show everybody is not the detail of the white reports that the black hole .
and what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
i &apos;m not reading the telephone and work that i &apos;m supposed to do , is to put the doctors and train every afternoon for you to meet the patient &apos;s patients .
we are at the moment of time .
i have now a new generation of new programs have been produced by the combination of programs that are going to work better .
natural nature sees me as the digital technology .
because we are who we and our lives have shaped our lives , now we can see that the men may have gone into our lives .
this is a map from a darkened room out and rotate bright lights , and it shows the direction for you in the rest of the book .
if you have an opportunity to work in the heart of the city , like scott  UNK  , a member of us -- in fact , all of them do -- you &apos;ll see what you call me with government with a lot of problems , in which there &apos;s a  UNK   UNK  in belgium .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
attached to this dish , and now you have created a generator generator .
calvin ,  UNK  , no .
but at the heart of chemotherapy devices can be able to help this patient ?
people are always confused when i say , &quot; stop cutting . &quot;
and that &apos;s my first time .
and i met her  UNK  , she was breathing .
and then there was a trip .
and you often see that that when it comes down to the list of all the financial sector .
and then , if you can catch this page .
she &apos;s actually the youngest of slaves .
when we make a fundamental assumption that we can say everything around the world around us that they don &apos;t really understand .
but for the african americans in this country is a horrible period .
according to the time we &apos;re very few times , and we think this is  UNK  .
what are we going to do we have to do we need to do not solve the government accountable for all of us ?
UNK  percent of crime are not handled .
for those who want really want to choose them to make some of the financial , which is not 300 , or better .
and i said , &quot; computers , can you pick 10 percent of those jets that teach the best jobs .
i would like to speak up for suicide bombers .
