we were poor .
but thinking about them in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
if we were captured , first my sister and i , then she and my grandmother would drink .
it &apos;s a cute little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
and issue rogue certificates .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you might hear about some other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
but there &apos;s another thing .
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistake i did . &quot;
and i went sailing on it , and we did surveys throughout the southern south china sea and especially the java sea .
because we don &apos;t just enjoy now , we participate .
so these communities began to evolve so that the interesting level on which evolution was taking place was no longer a cell , but a community which we call an organism .
the other way of thinking about it is not , do people deserve to die for the crimes they commit , but do we deserve to kill ?
in fact the recipe for us , our genes , is exactly that same code and that same way of writing .
we set up a little tasting booth right near the entrance of the store .
at the end of that , i end up with programs that are absolutely perfect at sorting numbers .
we &apos;re trying to help people who have been wrongly convicted .
and i made myself a bargain that if only i  UNK  my efforts to be perfect and never make another mistake again , please make the voices stop .
well after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that , especially local government , is about  UNK  .
we have seven million people on  UNK  and  UNK  .
and it turns out that making it feel more concrete can actually be a very positive tool to use in getting people to save more .
well i adored my mom , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
i &apos;ve come to ted because i believe that many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice .
so find the programs that come closest to sorting numbers .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
any one of you could be famous on the internet by next saturday .
legendary -- as in ted williams legendary -- the last major league baseball player to hit over 400 during a regular season .
they &apos;re using their hands .
that means that  UNK   UNK  safely , hit safely three times out of 10 at bats .
and i mention that because i think identity is really important .
there &apos;s been this huge decline in crime in america over the last three decades .
it connected those two people .
i actually think , in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
and i &apos;m going to admit something to you .
we adjust our baseline to the new level , and we don &apos;t recall what was there .
her parents were born in slavery in virginia in the  UNK  &apos;s .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- motivated by protests , motivated by an opinion , motivated by the laughs .
here are two different jewelry displays .
i looked at his throat , it was a little bit pink .
and she &apos;d squeeze me so tight i could barely breathe and then she &apos;d let me go .
and so the next stage that &apos;s interesting in life took about another billion years .
now one should think this problem affected people certainly when in predatory societies , they killed animals and they didn &apos;t know they had done so after a few generations .
and these scientists simply documented all the various tasks that these ceos engaged in and how much time they spent engaging in making decisions related to these tasks .
centers were established .
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
make it impossible to say how the image actually was composed .
here &apos;s vladimir  UNK  form  UNK  in estonia .
we &apos;re trying to end mass incarceration . &quot;
these guys make money .
and she &apos;s hitting a  UNK  .
so it &apos;s got cute little game dynamics on it .
and every time it divided , they got sort of unequal division of the chemicals within them .
now if i look at those programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
do you know what they call a 400 baseball  UNK  ?
and even as he was walking out the door , he was still sort of pointing to his throat .
and then it went international .
my story begins right here actually in rajasthan about two years ago .
so what i would like to talk about is what that could be , what that transition could be that we &apos;re going through .
but it &apos;s doing something that no other government technology does .
lights , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything should be accessible .
no one has to  UNK  your idea .
in the &apos; 70s -- well , beginning in the &apos; 60s -- europe did lots of development projects .
if you do , you get to name it , and he called the first one al .
and before i knew it , the  UNK  was filled with people angry that we were talking about race , that we were talking about poverty , that we were talking about inequality .
and so i did .
privacy is not up for discussion .
and i think that that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here in this explosion of curve .
one i thought had a kidney stone .
the transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled on top of each other to a world where everything was interactive .
and whenever you are in a city like  UNK  and somebody collapses , you can use your iphone , and within the next weeks also run your microsoft cellphone , to find the nearest  UNK  which can save lives .
the categories need to say something to the  UNK  , not the  UNK  .
who are they actually supposed to be informing ?
so i felt like our cellphones and our fancy watches and our cameras had stopped us from dreaming .
the main reason for this is because , we might enjoy  UNK  at those giant walls of  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , jams , but we can &apos;t actually do the math of comparing and  UNK  and actually picking from that stunning display .
they &apos;re all important choices . &quot;
and i went back to work .
and you know that business about people not wanting to talk about their worst cases ?
and we built an ipad application .
and we know that it just doesn &apos;t make too much sense to think out 30 , 50 years because everything &apos;s going to be so different that a simple  UNK  of what we &apos;re doing just doesn &apos;t make any sense at all .
and chicago just rolled it out to get people to sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows .
we want to encourage a world of creators , of inventors , of contributors , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
they stopped us from being inspired .
by being totally surprising and humorous , casey  UNK  got his funny idea and point seen five million times .
she had irreversible brain damage .
so we now know of nine cities that are planning to use this .
the other nurse asked  UNK  .
and this man came over to me and he hugged me .
i memorized in my anatomy class the origins and  UNK  of every muscle , every branch of every artery that came off the aorta , differential diagnoses obscure and common .
now we do the same with drills and machines .
maybe i did it for a good reason .
the other half of the customers are going to go from low choice , four  UNK  , to 56 car colors , high choice .
&quot; do you remember that patient you saw with the  UNK  throat ? &quot;
but if i could give it and still see them safely through , i would .
it reveals itself to you at certain points in the book as well .
very quickly concrete blocks became the  UNK  construction unit in the world .
and i came out of medical school with the impression that if i memorized everything and knew everything , or as much as possible , as close to everything as possible , that it would immunize me against making mistakes .
these communities of cells , again , began to abstract information .
it can know where we are .
the first concrete blocks were manufactured in  UNK  with a very simple idea : modules made of cement of a fixed measurement that fit together .
some of my  UNK  have been in the last five years .
you have on the y axis some good thing : biodiversity , numbers of  UNK  , the  UNK  of your country , the water supply .
and the question is , why do people accept this ?
and now there are 10,000  UNK  of &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
we love technology . we love creativity .
and so when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a storytelling device that could connect readers all over the world .
i talk about race and this question of whether we deserve to kill .
and that &apos;s great news , because , it turns out , we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .
now in order to do that i &apos;m going to have to talk about a bunch of stuff that really has nothing to do with technology and computers .
i represent children .
there was a crazy line in there about how there &apos;s no conduct in this county , it &apos;s all  UNK  .
and these older people come up to me now and they say , &quot; mr.  UNK  , you give talks , you make speeches , you tell people to stop saying we &apos;re dealing with terrorism for the first time in our nation &apos;s history after 9 / 11 . &quot;
and who could have predicted any of this ?
i ordered some fluids to  UNK  him and asked my colleague to  UNK  him .
and the fisheries for this  UNK  sustained lots of fish and they had a good time and they earned more than average in ghana .
for example , the anecdote that some present , as captain  UNK  observed lots of fish in this area cannot be used or is usually not utilized by fishery scientists , because it &apos;s not &quot; scientific . &quot;
make techniques that are easy to use and start with this to embrace patients in the team .
and i thought about that .
when i was a child , i had multiple collections of sticks and stones and  UNK  and shells .
and that &apos;s that when you strip away all your feelings about politics and the line at the dmv and all those other things that we &apos;re really mad about , government is , at its core , in the words of tim o  UNK  , &quot; what we do together that we can &apos;t do alone . &quot;
okay .
and so over here , each book and each world becomes a little marble that i drag in to this magical device within the device .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the prison population .
and it was there that another nurse , not the nurse who was looking after mrs.  UNK  before , but another nurse , said three words to me that are the three words that most emergency physicians i know dread .
we still think it is pristine .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what are you doing in this  UNK  ? &quot;
thank you .
they &apos;re always worried they &apos;re going to lose shelf space .
they sort of go like this .
over here , these are the  UNK  .
we recreate the past that people cannot conceive because the baseline has shifted and is extremely low .
this is a highly useless  UNK  scheme .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two kinds of physicians -- those who make mistakes and those who don &apos;t , those who can &apos;t handle sleep deprivation and those who can , those who have lousy outcomes and those who have great outcomes .
the shores are from a different location .
i was a resident at a teaching hospital here in toronto when mrs.  UNK  was brought to the emergency department of the hospital where i was working .
i was taking a shower in a hotel room in sydney the moment she died 600 miles away in melbourne .
my third little story is that i was an  UNK  in the introduction of trawling in southeast asia .
that is for people who can see a marine protected area and who can benefit from the insight that it provides , which enables them to reset their baseline .
i said , &quot; yes , sir . i did . &quot; and we started arguing .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
we have to engage with the machinery of government .
in south africa , people understood that we couldn &apos;t overcome apartheid without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
and the more we &apos;re able to be  UNK  about choosing the better we will be able to practice the art of choosing .
except they can if they hack into a foreign  UNK
&quot; moneyball &quot; is about to come out , and it &apos;s all about statistics and using statistics to build a great baseball team .
each task was made up of many , many , many  UNK  of course .
it &apos;s not really what is realistic , it &apos;s what we think looks realistic really .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that errors are absolutely ubiquitous .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
and she works in a culture of medicine that acknowledges that human beings run the system , and when human beings run the system , they will make mistakes from time to time .
and you can do this with techniques like this , but also by crowd-sourcing .
but what happens with citizens connect is different .
when i say  UNK  , i mean  UNK  .
goodnight sweet  UNK  . &quot;
and my job was to stay awake until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
but the ninth largest  UNK  , the ninth biggest  UNK  in the world today is  UNK  , and it offers you only 1,400 products -- one kind of canned tomato sauce .
and they found that the average ceo engaged in about  UNK  tasks in a week .
so we &apos;re going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters .
that means hit the ball into the  UNK  , it dropped , it didn &apos;t get caught , and whoever tried to throw it to first base didn &apos;t get there in time and the runner was safe .
and actually most of the fish , they are a little spot on the debris , the piles of debris , were coral reef fish .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion bricks have been produced -- or 75 bricks for every person on the planet .
thank you very much .
i was giving some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
instead of having to program , to wire , to  UNK  ,  UNK  allow you to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
and i don &apos;t mean wizards and dragons , i mean the kind of childhood magic , those ideas that we all  UNK  as children .
and because the idea can be explained in one minute , i will tell you three stories before to fill in the time .
and he had a sip of this beer and he gave some to my sister and she had some , and they offered it to me .
so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have plenty for everyone in the room , and , in fact , everyone in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
so a study that i did with  UNK   UNK  and alessandro  UNK  , we did a study with people at  UNK  -- employees that are all working at  UNK  -- and now these people were all in a session where they &apos;re doing  UNK  for their 401 plan .
we have lots of cells that are not out for themselves anymore .
now a lot of people have given up on government .
all along , all fantasy books have always had maps , but these maps have been static .
the only country in the world .
and the best part about it is they snap together with magnets .
i grew up in the country in the rural south , and i have a brother a year older than me and a sister a year younger .
we &apos;re losing them .
so when they &apos;re faced with the problem of government , they don &apos;t care as much about using their voices .
and finally , i believe that , despite the fact that it is so dramatic and so beautiful and so inspiring and so stimulating , we will ultimately not be judged by our technology , we won &apos;t be judged by our design , we won &apos;t be judged by our intellect and reason .
and there were rare but searing  UNK  of &quot;  UNK  &quot; and the occasional graffiti : &quot; asian , go home . &quot;
as you can see , these images aren &apos;t really special .
the child in me is really excited by these kinds of possibilities .
so if you take the system , as i was taught , and weed out all the  UNK  health professionals , well there won &apos;t be anybody left .
at various points , a little letter drops down to me -- and the ipad knows where you live because of gps -- which is actually addressed to me .
at the end you want to sustain miserable  UNK  .
and most people get that , but they think that one is the input to the other .
given all of that , mistakes are inevitable .
now i design computers for a living , and i know that the mechanisms that i use to design computers would be impossible without recent advances in computers .
it was running into bankruptcy last fall because they were hacked into .
so the first rule is that photos combined should have the same perspective .
and this referendum would propose having those dollars go to law enforcement and safety .
so in a sense , it &apos;s getting ahead of us .
this was my first  UNK  .
what &apos;s that new state that the world is heading toward ?
we &apos;ve been disconnected .
because i believe that the key to getting the most from choice is to be  UNK  about choosing .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him on his way .
he kept pointing here .
the other one had a lot of diarrhea .
and so you need to make the sound of wind and blow them away and read the rest of the book .
and yet , 46 percent of all homicide cases don &apos;t result in arrest .
well  UNK  is a  UNK
as some of you might know , i &apos;ve got more than 4,000 followers on twitter .
storytelling is becoming more and more  UNK  .
so what happened here ?
so i got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane , but often there are  UNK  that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane .
that could be shoveling out a hydrant , pulling a weed , turning over a garbage can with an  UNK  in it .
and what we are is we &apos;re at a point in time which is analogous to when single-celled organisms were turning into  UNK  organisms .
came into the  UNK  and sat down behind me , almost at counsel table .
so when i ask you a question , since i &apos;m blind , only raise your hand if you want to burn off some calories .
the one little thing we added was we asked people to just think about all the positive things that would happen in your life if you saved more .
and ms. parks used to come back to  UNK  every now and then , and she would get together with two of her  UNK  friends , these older women ,  UNK   UNK  who was the organizer of the  UNK  bus  UNK  -- amazing african-american woman -- and virginia  UNK  , a white woman , whose husband ,  UNK   UNK  , represented dr. king .
it has an app , a web and mobile app , called citizens connect .
and it could have connected them with government services if they &apos;d been needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to government services .
twice in one emergency shift , i missed  UNK  .
she said , &quot; now you make sure you don &apos;t do that . &quot; i said , &quot; sure . &quot;
things just can &apos;t possibly keep changing as fast as they are .
at one point , your screen is filled up with leaves .
and i think that there &apos;s theories that are beginning to understand about how it started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell a sort of simple story of it , which is that , at that time , there were little drops of oil floating around with all kinds of different recipes of chemicals in them .
and in a few short years , lego bricks took place in every household .
three months later i had  UNK  , and the adventure has continued .
and every morning i hop on it .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on everyone &apos;s humanity .
we &apos;re near the end , we &apos;re getting close to the world series .
i made the decision to move to the u.s.
but i think that there really is something coming along after us .
i still don &apos;t know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
you guys knew there was a trick , didn &apos;t you .
unlike the settled middle-class suburbs , whose existence i was oblivious of , there was no sense of  UNK  in  UNK  .
and this deputy jumped up and he ran over to this older black man .
for a year we were penniless .
of the people who stopped when there were six , well now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a jar of jam .
and that means  UNK  , it means open , it means generative .
but wait , this is actually my favorite project .
and so we &apos;re bringing them back in a contemporary story for children .
we &apos;re seeing this process feeding back on itself .
and 90 percent of our catch were sponges , other animals that are fixed on the bottom .
and one of the things we did i would like to share with you introduced by a little video .
and sure , we could find fast food chains .
every generation will use the images that they got at the beginning of their conscious lives as a standard and will extrapolate forward .
and i actually believe that the ted community needs to be more courageous .
and in fact , i know , i &apos;m very confident that they do the job because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
because all of these technologies are feeding back on themselves .
that in order for people to understand the differences between the choices , they have to be able to understand the consequences associated with each choice , and that the consequences need to be felt in a vivid sort of way , in a very concrete way .
so we trick our brains , because our brain simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
and that &apos;s important .
lego has essentially taken the concrete block , the building block of the world , and made it into the building block of our imagination .
but that &apos;s the nicest thing that could happen , since this is peer pressure , peer pressure used to help patients -- since this could be used for obesity , it could be used to stop smoking in patients .
i actually learned about this from my grandmother .
well you need a certificate if you have a website that has  UNK  ,  UNK  encrypted services , services like gmail .
and one time we caught a live one .
it would be so  UNK  and so empowering .
because with marine protected areas , we actually recreate the past .
all the adults knew the risks .
now it turns out that even if you do choose to participate when there are more choices present , even then , it has negative consequences .
and i &apos;ve been representing these kids who have been sentenced to do these very harsh sentences .
so a couple of years ago i started a program to try to get the  UNK  tech and design people to take a year off and work in the one environment that represents pretty much everything they &apos;re supposed to hate ; we have them work in government .
so  UNK  is open-source .
somehow this isn &apos;t working .
so they survived or they failed together , which means that if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were repeated more and they were favored by evolution .
the  UNK  still say it is untouched .
now we didn &apos;t write this app .
and i went through the same period of shame and  UNK  and felt  UNK  and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
a few years ago i started developing  UNK  .
we have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you &apos;re rich and guilty than if you &apos;re poor and innocent .
this is a chart of what it looked like .
writing down the dna was an interesting step .
and they actually illuminate your way through the rest of the book .
and at the end of the day , i packed up to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot to take my car and drive home when i did something that i don &apos;t usually do .
and out of the corner of my eye , i could see this janitor  UNK  back and forth .
i know this might be broadcast broadly .
they were not eaten , they were thrown away because they were dead .
in another chapter , you need to take a picture of a piece of bark and then tag that .
with no support from her husband , she caused a sensation by taking him to court and  UNK  her own case , and a far greater sensation when she won .
what scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it ?
it can know how we &apos;re holding it .
is it something about the details or the colors ?
well i &apos;ve been trying to say something about our criminal justice system .
there was also recently a study done with ceos in which they followed ceos around for a whole week .
and hence , the enormous role that a marine protected area can play .
three things :  UNK  , communities of participation and  UNK  .
and this is the point where patients get into position and can collect , not only their own control again , be captain of their own ship , but also can help us in health care due to the challenges that we face , like health care cost explosion , doubled demand and things like that .
i believe we need to do more to help people who are  UNK  by crime , not do less .
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
a kind of astonishing error rate -- one out of nine people innocent .
another idea that really fascinated me as a child was that an entire galaxy could be contained within a single marble .
and yes , i &apos;ve got a challenge , as you might see .
in a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute , only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have .
there was a gathering of resolve and a quiet voice saying , &quot; i will bypass you . &quot;
the politics of fear and anger have made us believe that these are problems that are not our problems .
we choose not to choose , even when it goes against our best  UNK  .
and what &apos;s under that is what we call bureaucracy .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
we &apos;re trying to confront bias and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
she was the beginning of a lot of arguments in our family .
like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to build much larger , more complex circuits , one brick at a time .
this is a modest little app .
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot;
now we see the opposite effect .
and that era of terrorism , of course , was followed by  UNK  and decades of racial  UNK  and apartheid .
50 percent of their decisions were made in nine minutes or less .
we know perfectly where all the atms are about the city of  UNK  .
and i &apos;d like to be able to say to you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years of practice as many of my colleagues say , which is total  UNK
and this made me really sad .
it &apos;s not our burden .
the only thing that i have done is i have varied the order in which that information is presented .
and fortunately he didn &apos;t die .
the second story , also to illustrate another concept , is called shifting  UNK  .
but what &apos;s important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this  UNK  , geeky internet culture .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the  UNK  .
i talk a lot about these issues .
it suggests how government could work better -- not more like a private company , as many people think it should .
and we in the west couldn &apos;t understand how anybody could do this , how much this would restrict freedom of speech .
imagine the first piece : a man burning his life &apos;s work .
is it something about the light ?
this idea of fireflies in a jar , for some reason , was always really exciting to me .
i &apos;m going to focus on one  UNK  that i hope a lot of you have heard of .
i think it &apos;s very  UNK  of us to think that we &apos;re the end product of evolution .
your skin cell is really useless without a heart cell , muscle cell , a brain cell and so on .
my mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double shifts .
so i &apos;m actually just going to go in and launch  UNK  , an interactive app for the ipad .
why didn &apos;t i ask my attending ? why did i send her home ?
it &apos;s really a pretty amazing invention if you think about it .
so lunch is coming along , and i think i will stop at that point , before i get selected out .
my mother asked us to feel her hand .
it says , &apos; this plane has hundreds of thousands of tiny parts working together to make you a safe flight . &apos; doesn &apos;t that make you feel confident ? &quot;
car colors , exterior car colors -- i &apos;ve got 56 choices .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , froze the swiss bank account of mr. sam jain right here , and that bank account had  UNK  million u.s. dollars on it when it was frozen .
i even knew the differential diagnosis in how to classify  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
when i went there 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half of their size .
it is a jigsaw puzzle still being put together .
have you seen these guys ?
so it &apos;s more about capturing an idea than about capturing a moment really .
this mountain of debris is actually collected by  UNK  every time they go into an area that &apos;s never been fished .
and we got carried away with the rhetoric of punishment .
a big fishery was run on it until the &apos; 80s .
and so we have three strikes laws that put people in prison forever for stealing a bicycle , for low-level property crimes , rather than making them give those resources back to the people who they  UNK  .
switch out the knob for a pulse module , which is here , and now you &apos;ve made a little  UNK  .
so please help us on this one and try to make not only health a little bit better , but take control of it .
i think we have to do something about a piece of the culture of medicine that has to change .
and that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
and yet , we don &apos;t quite understand the options of it .
they haven &apos;t given up on government .
more people stopped when there were 24 , about 60 percent , than when there were six , about 40 percent .
then she sat me down and she looked at me and she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve been watching you . &quot;
i personally think that it &apos;s easier to actually create a place than to find a place , because then you don &apos;t need to compromise with the ideas in your head .
and that &apos;s when ms.  UNK  leaned forward , she put her finger in my face , she said , &quot; that &apos;s why you &apos;ve got to be brave , brave , brave . &quot;
and let me show you a simple example .
all right .
the nicest thing is how they start to understand the electronics around them from everyday that they don &apos;t learn at schools .
they say you never forget the names of those who die .
we set up a website and asked the crowd , &quot; if you see an  UNK  , please submit it , tell us where it is , tell us when it &apos;s open , &quot; since sometimes in office hours sometimes it &apos;s closed , of course .
is that all ?
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they resigned themselves to what was happening .
pretty simple .
how could we help you ? &quot;
in aviation , we would never let people fly on airplanes if for every nine planes that took off one would crash .
so i wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you press the trigger .
so let me recap .
that &apos;s the system that we have .
it was a store called  UNK  &apos;s .
and what happens is that you actually create a digital collection of photographs that you can then put up online .
she said , &quot; that &apos;s my baby girl , and you have to promise me now you &apos;ll always take care of her . &quot;
and it lets us produce things of much more complexity than normal engineering lets us produce .
and they began building very special structures that did nothing but process information within the community .
they &apos;re  UNK  to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
and within that binder were notes from a company based in germany which had sold the egyptian government a set of tools for  UNK  -- and in very large scale -- all the communication of the citizens of the country .
so what happens here ?
the first : cut .
so what i want to propose to you today are four simple techniques -- techniques that we have tested in one way or another in different research venues -- that you can easily apply in your businesses .
so if transportation technology was moving along as fast as microprocessor technology , then the day after tomorrow , i would be able to get in a taxi cab and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
and you make  UNK  and you never make that mistake again .
so those tended to live longer , get expressed more .
she took me out back and she said , &quot;  UNK  , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you don &apos;t tell anybody what i tell you . &quot;
and maybe i &apos;ve been around long enough that i can afford to give away some of my false prestige to be able to do that .
i &apos;m sorry about that , but i strive to learn one thing that i can pass on to other people .
well i went into the  UNK  .
i spend most of my time in jails , in prisons , on death row .
and he had posted lots of nature videos in fact .
i never knew him in real life .
and this is an argument , which doesn &apos;t make sense .
these guys make their fortunes online , but they make it through the illegal means of using things like banking  UNK  to steal money from our bank accounts while we do online banking , or with  UNK  to collect our credit card information while we are doing online shopping from an infected computer .
they will tap your internet connection .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
but there are two problems with that .
they put her on a  UNK  .
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all the doors to your house and play music really loud and see if the thing leaves ? &quot;
we actually have several cases of millionaires online ,  UNK  , who made money with their attacks .
but today , it goes beyond that .
but ultimately , those realities are  UNK  by suffering , abuse , degradation ,  UNK  .
there was an energy there , an  UNK  optimism , a strange mixture of humility and daring .
so those are the three main attackers : criminals who do it for the money ,  UNK  like anonymous doing it for the protest , but then the last group are nation states , governments doing the attacks .
that our visions of technology and design and entertainment and creativity have to be married with visions of humanity , compassion and justice .
and he described one of them as very &quot; common . &quot;
because i have nothing to hide . &quot;
do you know how many choices make it into your nine minute category versus your one hour category ?
we were told afterward that if that had gone through normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and it would have cost about two million dollars .
and this was done so the government could track where text was coming from .
i was terrified by this idea that i would lose the ability to enjoy and appreciate the sunset without having my camera on me , without tweeting it to my friends .
now when i was a kid growing up , the future was kind of the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
and because government ultimately  UNK  its power from us -- remember &quot; we the people ? &quot; -- how we think about it is going to effect how that change happens .
this is my wifi scale . it &apos;s a very simple thing .
and in fact , sometimes it takes it by methods that we don &apos;t quite even understand .
one might think that this is just an image of a landscape and the lower part is what &apos;s manipulated .
now i work in the solar technology industry .
because i usually take the role of trying to explain to people how wonderful the new technologies that are coming along are going to be , and i thought that , since i was among friends here , i would tell you what i really think and try to look back and try to understand what is really going on here with these amazing jumps in technology that seem so fast that we can barely keep on top of it .
for her , life had distilled itself into one task : the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t feel right about that . y &apos;all go ahead . y &apos;all go ahead . &quot;
this is alfred  UNK  .
but there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to youtube every minute .
we &apos;re moving , we &apos;re all moving here , to a world where the forces of nature come closer together to technology , and magic and technology can come closer together .
somehow this isn &apos;t working out , is it ?
so the system is evolving to create  UNK  that make it easier to detect those mistakes that humans inevitably make and also  UNK  in a loving , supportive way places where everybody who is observing in the health care system can actually point out things that could be potential mistakes and is rewarded for doing so , and especially people like me , when we do make mistakes , we &apos;re rewarded for coming clean .
what we caught , i know now , is the bottom of the sea .
so i think the basics are quite simple .
we &apos;ve been giving  UNK  to kids and seeing them play with them .
and part of the narrative of that is sometimes that it &apos;s about increased incarceration rates .
so you have a situation where people don &apos;t know the past , even though we live in literate societies , because they don &apos;t trust the sources of the past .
we asked around and nobody knew .
but what are we doing with it ?
and i &apos;d like you to read it .
now what this communication allowed was communities to form that , in some sense , were in the same boat together ; they were  UNK  .
for every nine people who have been executed , we &apos;ve actually identified one innocent person who &apos;s been  UNK  and released from death row .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
so you can &apos;t put them the wrong way .
you know ultimately , we all have to believe things we haven &apos;t seen .
all of these techniques that i &apos;m describing to you today are designed to help you manage your choices -- better for you , you can use them on yourself , better for the people that you are serving .
at the time i was assigned to the cardiology service on a cardiology rotation .
how can a judge turn you into something that you &apos;re not ?
instead , what i do and what the designers at thinking machines do is we think at some level of abstraction and then we hand it to the machine and the machine takes it beyond what we could ever do , much farther and faster than we could ever do .
it will get to you .
they were maturing at five centimeters .
we do . as rational as we are , as committed to intellect as we are .
and of course , we can never have the death penalty in germany . &quot;
and i &apos;ve got here a little 100  UNK  of white powder , which i try not to let the security people see at airports .
yeah ,  UNK  , the judge has some magic power .
i recently did a survey with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of choices that the typical american reports making is about 70 in a typical day .
that when we actually don &apos;t care about these difficult things , the positive and wonderful things are nonetheless implicated .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with you ? have some beer . &quot;
and do we trust , do we blindly trust , any future government , a government we might have 50 years from now ?
but what &apos;s important is that an individual or a group of  UNK  took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
now that &apos;s why , for instance , antibiotic resistance has evolved .
now we do the same with airplanes .
and if you look at the way that the chemicals got organized , we begin to get a pretty good idea of how they do it .
now i &apos;ve been talking a lot about magic .
and the judge has certified him as an adult , but i see this kid .
never ever , ever make a mistake , but you worry about the details , about how that &apos;s going to happen .
and i put in my motion that there was  UNK   UNK  and police  UNK  and judicial  UNK  .
why did i go into medicine ?
how about the people who can &apos;t do that because they have no access -- the people in the midwest for example ?
mr. jain himself is on the loose ; nobody knows where he is .
and in fact , we &apos;re such a  UNK  community .
that &apos;s about all it can do .
we &apos;re taking off .
because at that point , an individual -- learning could happen within the time span of a single organism , instead of over this evolutionary time span .
and that wasn &apos;t a difficult diagnosis to make .
we love entertainment .
so for those people who did choose to participate , the more choices available , the more likely people were to completely avoid stocks or equity funds .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to be taking only a few decades .
and those were the most primitive forms of cells in a sense , those little drops of oil .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated decision : buying a car .
if you &apos;re a doctor you can do some good things , but if you &apos;re a caring doctor you can do some other things .
what does it mean ?
and then we look at cases like what happened in  UNK  .
the program is called code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a peace corps for geeks .
you can go on the website , download all the design files , make them yourself .
a lot of my clients are very young .
i don &apos;t take the same history .
i felt like anyone could do that .
it was not drowned yet .
but in fact , what we &apos;re seeing more and more is that if you are willing to cut , get rid of those extraneous redundant options , well there &apos;s an increase in sales , there &apos;s a lowering of costs , there is an improvement of the choosing experience .
they use online attacks to make lots of money , and lots and lots of it .
and this is exactly what happened with the case of  UNK  .
there had to be another piece of the jigsaw .
the next thing we looked at is in which case were people more likely to buy a jar of jam .
it &apos;s true .
our system isn &apos;t just being shaped in these ways that seem to be  UNK  around race , they &apos;re also distorted by poverty .
so meet al .
i &apos;ve tried looking at them and telling you how they work .
we &apos;re going through the same levels that  UNK  organisms have gone through --  UNK  out our methods of recording , presenting , processing information .
the third one is about making it impossible to distinguish where the different images begin and end by making it seamless .
or is it photography ?
the unhealthy shame i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you so sick inside .
so the things that make a photograph look realistic , i think it &apos;s the things that we don &apos;t even think about , the things all around us in our daily lives .
because it &apos;s in that  UNK  that we actually begin to understand truly profound things about who we are .
now that &apos;s sort of just a very simple chemical form of life , but when things got interesting was when these drops learned a trick about abstraction .
so for example , here &apos;s a study we did in a magazine aisle .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
well every one of those generations just takes a few milliseconds .
but the point is , we still come to galapagos .
it became a  UNK  gateway into a world full of pirates and  UNK  and images in my imagination .
and that was the message that i absorbed when i was in med school .
politics is not changing ; government is changing .
and my small startup is looking to force ourselves into the environment by paying attention to ...
what does this mean ?
the amazing thing is that that way of writing seems to have stayed steady since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
i &apos;m human . i make mistakes .
say , &quot; please repeat that process . &quot;
in both cases , these are gross  UNK  , because we really aren &apos;t  UNK  out the problem as we should .
and it was my job , when the emergency staff called for a cardiology consult , to see that patient in  UNK  .
i gave her my whole rap , and when i finished she looked at me and she said , &quot; mmm mmm mmm . &quot;
the greatest fear was of pirates , rape and death .
and every now and then ms.  UNK  would call me , and she &apos;d say , &quot;  UNK  , ms. parks is coming to town . we &apos;re going to get together and talk .
and it had  UNK  about 20 centimeters , a species of  UNK  called  UNK   UNK  .
i think if somebody takes something that doesn &apos;t belong to them , they &apos;re not just a thief .
what am i going to look at ?
in fact , so lacking in confidence was i that i actually asked the nurse who was looking after mrs.  UNK  , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay if she goes home ? &quot;
and the more  UNK  i spoke , the more i was asked to speak .
but there &apos;s a main difference : the transistor was only for experts .
i couldn &apos;t bear it .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
something  UNK  inside me .
green is output , blue is power , pink is input and orange is wire .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
this is just a random slide that i picked out of my file .
the bottom is transformed from , in this case , a hard bottom or soft coral into a muddy mess .
and we were in conversation about how nothing had changed since the time of the ancient indian epic &quot; the mahabharata . &quot;
now i will warn you that this kind of identity is a much more challenging identity than ones that don &apos;t pay attention to this .
you know that healthy kind , when you betray a secret that a best friend made you promise never to reveal and then you get busted and then your best friend confronts you and you have terrible discussions , but at the end of it all that sick feeling guides you and you say , i &apos;ll never make that mistake again .
i have stepped outside my comfort zone enough now to know that , yes , the world does fall apart , but not in the way that you fear .
and i &apos;d say , &quot; yes , ma &apos;am , i do . &quot;
UNK  , creative participating communities , complete  UNK  , these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity .
it &apos;s not moving like that .
even though choosing  UNK  doesn &apos;t tell me anything about my preferences for interior decor , it still  UNK  me for how to choose .
sleep deprivation is absolutely pervasive .
i sometimes get out of balance . i &apos;ll end with this story .
now i think that the reason is because we all feel that something &apos;s happening there .
and the room got very quiet , and this woman said , &quot; there &apos;s no way , with our history , we could ever engage in the systematic killing of human beings .
engines ,  UNK  -- four choices .
now the fish is on the iucn red list .
it &apos;s not our problem .
i gave her medications that we call  UNK  , water pills , to get her to pee out the access fluid .
hey , why not ?
and the only challenge was that she had 10 children .
but what &apos;s the trick that makes it look realistic ?
that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being  UNK  active .
and let me close with three words of my own : i do remember .
because that &apos;s where the real work of government happens .
because , of course , this is a photograph that you can &apos;t take with your camera .
so in bringing back this childhood ritual , you need to go out and , in one chapter , take a picture of a flower and then tag it .
i told my mother i couldn &apos;t do it .
right now in alabama 34 percent of the black male population has permanently lost the right to vote .
well this is a really extraordinary honor for me .
because i think the only way to understand this is to really step back and take a long time scale look at things .
now i &apos;m going to describe to you a study i did with  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , wei jang where we looked at the retirement savings decisions of nearly a million americans from about 650 plans all in the u.s.
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in  UNK  and sat around her  UNK  .
if you think the display on the left is swing and the display on the right is jazz , clap your hands .
so that &apos;s  UNK  movement has done .
unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it .
and the interesting thing about it is that this slide , like so many technology slides that we &apos;re used to , is a sort of a straight line on a  UNK  curve .
and so i jumped in , i jumped into this world of technology , to see how i could use it to enable magic as opposed to kill it .
it also gets me excited about this big product that i &apos;m putting together , so i &apos;m more willing to be motivated to be engaged .
and i think all of us here are a part of producing whatever that next thing is .
at the end of each day , i made a huge pot of soup which we all shared .
and it &apos;s been an incredible experience .
and over the course of the next hour and a half or two , she started to feel better .
and one of the things that &apos;s emerged in my short time here is that ted has an identity .
a child in london puts up a picture of a fox and says , &quot; oh , i saw a fox today . &quot;
we &apos;re trying to end life without  UNK  sentences for children .
UNK  ,  UNK  !
and i felt really good .
and to report back to my attending .
and the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of choices .
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but bacteria can actually exchange dna .
and on a cloudy day , there was a crack in the clouds and the sun started to come out and i wondered , maybe i could feel better again .
and sometimes when it comes through ted , it has meaning and power that it doesn &apos;t have when it doesn &apos;t .
well there are opportunities all around us .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunami sirens work , but people steal the batteries out of them .
we transform the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .
we worked well into each night .
now truth of the matter is , nobody knows in all of medicine what a good surgeon or physician or  UNK  is supposed to bat .
within a year , you do a survey and then commercial fishing begins .
so for example , in the most extreme cases , we can actually evolve a program by starting out with random sequences of instructions .
well  UNK  picked it up , a lot of blogs starting writing about .
he is my grandfather .
how can i teach them about what i did so that they don &apos;t do the same thing ?
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on twitter .
1,000 , very good .
now we all , or a big part of us , use gmail or one of their competitors , but these services are especially popular in totalitarian states like iran , where dissidents use foreign services like gmail because they know they are more trustworthy than the local services and they are encrypted over  UNK  connections , so the local government can &apos;t  UNK  on their discussions .
and for me , it becomes necessary to integrate the two .
then finally she said , &quot; the third thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll never drink alcohol . &quot;
suppose you have  UNK  and you &apos;re referred to a surgeon who &apos;s batting 400 on  UNK  .
i sometimes push too hard .
and here &apos;s the thing .
it &apos;s spreading virally .
in the future , the majority of crime will be happening online .
and these two images both fulfill these two requirements -- shot at the same height and in the same type of light .
that transition is happening . we can all sense it .
but then there was another really interesting step where things became completely different , which is these cells started exchanging and communicating information , so that they began to get communities of cells .
go home to where ?
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
this country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
we &apos;re constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
the united states now has the highest rate of incarceration in the world .
i was devastated .
so what happened on this day ?
&quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was shown to be wrong .
if you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , clap your hands .
and because of that , we really haven &apos;t understood what it &apos;s meant to do the things we &apos;ve done historically .
now there &apos;s a very large community of people that are building the tools that we need to do things together effectively .
then she said , &quot; the second thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always do the right thing even when the right thing is the hard thing . &quot;
even cats were watching this video .
in fact , their life depended on doing the job .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is it that her hand is so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? &quot;
and when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
in the 1980s in the communist eastern germany , if you owned a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
grants and sponsors were sought .
we &apos;re constantly running into each other .
we &apos;ve all got navigation controls in our car .
i start thinking , well , how did that happen ?
okay , a bit more .
now this story , we have heard it lots of times on galapagos and other places , so there is nothing particular about it .
they enabled us to to build things that were larger than us , buildings , bridges , one brick at a time .
and it was what i was feeling .
now in the financial savings world , i think one of the best examples that has recently come out on how to best manage the choice offerings has actually been something that david  UNK  was heavily involved in designing , which was the program that they have at harvard .
but one of them , by luck , may put two numbers in the right order .
and i go to the jail and i see my client who &apos;s 13 and 14 , and he &apos;s been certified to stand trial as an adult .
and the first thing i do is i ask the employees , &quot; tell me how these choices are different from one another .
defeat would have come too easily .
and so my recommendation , it &apos;s the only one i will provide , is for cameron to do &quot; avatar ii &quot; underwater .
introduce some mutations perhaps .
i sent her home without speaking to my attending .
when this man saw me , he came over to me and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
which brings me to the second technique for handling the choice overload problem , which is  UNK  .
so the question i have for all of you here : when it comes to the big , important things that we need to do together , all of us together , are we just going to be a crowd of voices , or are we also going to be a crowd of hands ?
the other thing is we know where all the gas stations are .
if i were to walk into a room -- like right now , i have no idea what you think of me .
thank you .
and here every piece is very well planned .
and the fish also were happy to be there .
then the next steps , like language and so on , took less than a million years .
so now for the topic of today : financial savings .
and i had a client who was 14 years old , a young , poor black kid .
you &apos;ve got to make 60 different decisions , completely make up your car .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i am ,  UNK  , almost a generation older than most of them .
i grew up in a house that was the traditional african-american home that was dominated by a matriarch , and that matriarch was my grandmother .
my name is brian goldman .
someone made an old  UNK  version .
and we have this idea that if we drive the people who make mistakes out of medicine , what will we be left with , but a safe system .
i &apos;m here to share my photography .
he died broken by history .
there were remixes .
and you will have noticed that the  UNK  and tones are like &quot; avatar . &quot;
and actually i become a character in the book .
now this store , it was almost like going to an amusement park .
and during that session , we kept the session exactly the way it used to be , but we added one little thing .
something really weird is going on here .
well in egypt , the  UNK   UNK  the headquarters of the egyptian secret police in april 2011 , and when they were looting the building they found lots of papers .
oh , my god !
here &apos;s a german car manufacturer that gives you the opportunity to completely custom make your car .
and now let &apos;s reproduce the ones that sorted numbers the best .
so all the tools are out there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
so it &apos;s feeding back on itself .
in this country , as many as 24,000 canadians die of preventable medical errors .
this may sound strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of the concrete block .
so i &apos;m going to start out by showing just one very boring technology slide .
let &apos;s say i want to sort numbers , as a simple example i &apos;ve done it with .
think about your own choices .
i looked through the shower screen and saw her standing on the other side .
but i carried on with my work .
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; she &apos;d assault me again , and if i said , &quot; yes , &quot; she &apos;d leave me alone .
like here , we have mr.  UNK   UNK  from the city of kiev in ukraine .
that whenever you &apos;re on holiday and somebody collapses , might it be your own relative or someone just in front of you , you can find this .
nobody knew where the nearest life-saving  UNK  was to be obtained right now .
we &apos;re now using those programs to make much faster computers so that we &apos;ll be able to run this process much faster .
but each time , they were  UNK  at me , eating at me .
and my grandmother was tough , but she was also loving .
that &apos;s somebody who hit , by the way , four times safely out of every 10 .
before i actually begin the meat of my talk , let &apos;s begin with a bit of baseball .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch .
and i put my challenge on 95  UNK  .
so after a four-year  UNK  that defies fiction , a boat slipped out to sea disguised as a fishing vessel .
what we do though is we send each one of them , including myself , out into the world with the  UNK  , be perfect .
because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before it gets extinct , it becomes rare .
so there &apos;s an opportunity to change that .
the second mistake that i made was worse .
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well when it gets complicated .
now in fact , you had objectively more information the first time around than the second time around , but i would venture to guess that you felt that it was more real the second time around .
and being here at ted and seeing the stimulation , hearing it , has been very , very  UNK  to me .
we can &apos;t do without government , but we do need it to be more effective .
and during the break there was a deputy sheriff who was offended that the janitor had come into court .
and it wasn &apos;t because of my attending ; he was a  UNK  .
do you know what they call a 300  UNK  in major league baseball ?
and he pointed to the  UNK  of tourists that would show up everyday , with cameras ready usually .
she grew up at a time when  UNK  was the social norm and the local mandarin was the person who mattered .
and the next morning , i woke up and i thought , now did i dream that crazy motion , or did i actually write it ?
say , &quot; computer , would you please make a hundred million random sequences of instructions .
and yeah , i even turned the house on top of the island red to make it look more swedish .
i can remember that like it was yesterday .
and so over here you need to tilt your ipad , take the fireflies out .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
and they don &apos;t tell us much .
a child in india says , &quot; i saw a monkey today . &quot;
this was the  UNK  grouper .
and he whispered in my ear .
and this is a new thing that we talk about technology on  UNK  curves .
her mother raised her alone .
my mother was exhausted each night , but we told one another about our day and listened to the movements of my grandmother around the house .
and at first i thought we were playing a game .
UNK  .
and the difference then , they perceive as a loss .
if you know anything about government technology , you know that this isn &apos;t how it normally goes .
so nothing has changed , but everything has changed .
i walked through the emergency department on my way home .
the third technique :  UNK  .
here i have a very complicated , messy , confused idea in my head .
now for those of us who &apos;ve given up on government , it &apos;s time that we asked ourselves about the world that we want to leave for our children .
but when combining photographs , this is really important to consider , because otherwise it just looks wrong somehow .
even in the first seven days , there was one parody for every other day of the week .
so western governments are providing totalitarian governments with tools to do this against their own citizens .
my mom was the youngest of her 10 kids .
in many ways , we &apos;ve been taught to think that the real question is , do people deserve to die for the crimes they &apos;ve committed ?
if i were to walk into a room filled with my  UNK  and ask for their support right now and start to tell what i &apos;ve just told you right now , i probably wouldn &apos;t get through two of those stories before they would start to get really uncomfortable , somebody would crack a joke , they &apos;d change the subject and we would move on .
it was this misguided war on drugs .
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t come clean and talk about my mistakes , if i can &apos;t find the  UNK  voice that tells me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
every single harvard employee is now automatically enrolled in a  UNK  fund .
because ultimately we are talking about a need to be more hopeful , more committed , more dedicated to the basic challenges of living in a complex world .
now that takes some doing , especially when you work in a hospital that at the time saw but 14 people a night .
i &apos;m just talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
i gathered around me a small team of people for whom the label &quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was an irresistible challenge .
so now we &apos;ve  UNK  up the time scales once again .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
UNK  are electronic modules with each one specific function .
wealth , not  UNK  , shapes outcomes .
so you heard and saw an obvious desire by this audience , this community , to help you on your way and to do something on this issue .
what creates the illusion ?
but you know what ?
and if you think that that is weird , you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been viewed four million times .
how engaged you are .
and my grandmother was sitting across the room staring at me .
but i do remember the lights on the oil rig off the  UNK  coast and the young man who collapsed and died , the journey &apos;s end too much for him , and the first apple i tasted , given to me by the men on the rig .
two pairs of  UNK  for school , each to hide the holes in the other .
so of course , random sequences of instructions are very unlikely to sort numbers , so none of them will really do it .
and sometimes when i would go and spend time with her , it would be difficult to get her time and attention .
rebecca black &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
UNK  is a certificate authority from the netherlands -- or actually , it was .
vaclav  UNK  , the great  UNK  leader , talked about this .
they &apos;re more likely to delay choosing --  UNK  even when it goes against their best self-interest .
and she just had this quality that you always wanted to be near her .
why do people spend an average of 15 to 30 percent more when they use an atm card or a credit card as opposed to cash ?
so i followed my  UNK  .
you always lose rare animals .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
and these are the questions that we have to worry about for the next 50 years .
but our lives are much more than our memories .
and a story that actually deals with new issues like the environmental crisis .
and the family gathered .
the typical walmart today offers you 100,000 products .
i gave her aspirin . i gave her medications to relieve the strain on her heart .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the  UNK  .
how do i get this removed ? &quot;
i never will forget it .
she &apos;s doing a lot better this year . she &apos;s on the comeback trail .
it &apos;s been viewed nearly 50 million times this year .
and gary said that he would be willing to offer people in this audience an  UNK  free vacation to the most beautiful road in the world .
so this allows us now to begin to start functioning as a single organism .
he talked to the family , and i &apos;m quite sure that he  UNK  things over and made sure that i didn &apos;t get sued .
so an organism could , for instance , learn not to eat a certain kind of fruit because it tasted bad and it got sick last time it ate it .
but what &apos;s more important about this app is that it represents how a new generation is tackling the problem of government -- not as the problem of an  UNK  institution , but as a problem of collective action .
jimmy  UNK  posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become .
and then she said , &quot; i just need you to promise me three things ,  UNK  . &quot;
and it all connects us together into something that is much bigger and much faster and able to evolve than what we were before .
some bacteria figured out how to stay away from penicillin , and it went around sort of creating its little dna information with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
they gave her medications to raise her blood pressure .
in the other , i was  UNK  in lives that were  UNK  , tragically  UNK  by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
you can have a succession of changes .
there &apos;s a guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw this app and realized that he could use it , not for snow , but to get citizens to adopt tsunami sirens .
so for example , the invention of language was a tiny step in that direction .
and there &apos;s nothing  UNK  in the history of technology development of this kind of  UNK  growth where you go by orders of magnitude every few years .
i &apos;m going to show you one example of what i &apos;m talking about .
but it does require a lot of planning .
in fact , one of the things that i did just for amusement purposes is we can now write things in this code .
today i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
i have talked about four techniques for  UNK  the problem of choice overload -- cut -- get rid of the extraneous alternatives ;  UNK  -- make it real ; categorize -- we can handle more categories , less choices ; condition for complexity .
and i finally decided , oh gosh , i &apos;ve got to go to the court and do this crazy case .
we select a few fellows every year and we have them work with city governments .
we made an application for  UNK  , augmented reality , to find these  UNK  .
well it turns out , he didn &apos;t have a  UNK  throat .
and we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture .
now in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home and i don &apos;t think there was any gap in their care .
other than writing a check , what could we do ?
and you can actually say things here that have impacts around the world .
the good news is that technology is making it possible to fundamentally reframe the function of government in a way that can actually scale by strengthening civil society .
when i would see her as a little boy , she &apos;d come up to me and she &apos;d give me these hugs .
we have life imprisonment without  UNK  for kids in this country .
and i remember this just like it happened yesterday .
thank you .
that &apos;s the kind of shame that is a teacher .
then he looked at me real hard and he said , &quot; oh , i hope you &apos;re not still hung up on that conversation mama had with you . &quot;
the next step we took was to find the applications for it .
score them again .
the redefined physician is human , knows she &apos;s human , accepts it , isn &apos;t proud of making mistakes , but  UNK  to learn one thing from what happened that she can teach to somebody else .
i had some , your sister had some . have some beer . &quot;
and we think , we like to think , that this is one of the major problems why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the  UNK  projects fail , since we stopped listening .
they were still kind of happy .
and we want to make this material accessible to everyone .
so it says , &quot; place your fingers upon each light . &quot;
now it turns out you &apos;re right .
so the time scale that i would like to look at this on is the time scale of life on earth .
and all the while , i was amassing more and more knowledge .
it was called the automatic binding brick .
an entire remix community  UNK  up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of .
so i one day decided to pay a visit to the manager , and i asked the manager , &quot; is this model of offering people all this choice really working ? &quot;
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .
and he kept looking through the window , and he could hear all of this  UNK  .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
thank you very much .
now the next step that happened is within these communities .
and more than anything , for those of you who share that , i &apos;ve simply come to tell you to keep your eyes on the prize , hold on .
here &apos;s their olive oil aisle .
and i was thinking , this is going to be so difficult , so painful .
and they did .
among those papers , was this binder entitled &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
so to achieve a realistic result , i think it comes down to planning .
UNK  ? check . living ? yep .
we &apos;re sort of on this line in a transition from the way the world used to be to some new way that the world is .
and he did and when he noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant , called the surgeons .
so we &apos;re beginning to depend on computers to do a process that &apos;s very different than engineering .
do you know how many choices you make in typical week ?
my duty was not to allow it to have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that , yes , history tried to crush us , but we endured .
and it starts with one physician at a time .
before i close though , let me tell you about my grandmother .
and let &apos;s reproduce them by a process of  UNK  analogous to sex . &quot;
they are frustrated as hell with it , but they &apos;re not complaining about it , they &apos;re fixing it .
but it &apos;s that contempt that keeps this thing that we own and we pay for as something that &apos;s working against us , this other thing , and then we &apos;re  UNK  ourselves .
and i don &apos;t mean necessarily a technological definition of platform here .
and over 10,000  UNK  already in the netherlands already have been submitted .
they had sold this tool for  UNK  euros to the egyptian government .
and if you do a good job capturing the photos , the result can be quite beautiful and also quite realistic .
all the rest of that day , that afternoon , i had this kind of  UNK  feeling inside my stomach .
okay . thank you very much .
i mean , as mentioned earlier , one of the biggest stars in the world right now , justin bieber , got his start on youtube .
meanwhile the exact same year , at bell labs the next revolution was about to be announced , the next building block .
and then my brother started staring at me .
and that caused these cells -- that kept them happy for another billion years .
and i went through this roller coaster , because after they stabilized her , she went to the intensive care unit , and i hoped against hope that she would recover .
it &apos;s interesting , this question of the death penalty .
take two programs and they produce children by exchanging their  UNK  , and the children inherit the traits of the  UNK  of the two programs .
what would you say to someone who believed that ?
so i would like to say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic result .
i &apos;m going to tell you something i probably shouldn &apos;t .
what they need is an environment to be able to do that .
UNK  , you &apos;ve struck a massive chord here .
and they noticed that the city never gets to digging out these fire  UNK  .
but in the end , it comes down to how we interpret the world and how it can be realized on a two-dimensional surface .
it &apos;s just a quick video of what we do .
do you want to come over and listen ? &quot;
well actually the violent crime rate has remained relatively stable .
and i thought about it and i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
three times out of 10 .
we &apos;re harnessing energy from the sun .
okay . anybody who &apos;s ready to take him up on his offer .
what you find is the people who go from high choice to low choice , they &apos;re hitting that default button over and over and over again .
the idea behind  UNK  is that it &apos;s a growing library .
and then they wanted to kill it because it was good to eat .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and the other one is called &quot; swing . &quot;
that &apos;s because government is like a vast ocean and politics is the  UNK  layer on top .
we maybe even &#91; have &#93; it in our cellphone .
and for me that means spending time thinking and talking about the poor , the disadvantaged , those who will never get to ted .
and i remember , when i was about eight or nine years old , waking up one morning , going into the living room , and all of my cousins were running around .
they &apos;re more likely to make worse choices -- worse financial choices , medical choices .
it would be  UNK  for us to , in an intentional and deliberate way , set about  UNK  people . &quot;
my state of alabama , like a number of states , actually permanently  UNK  you if you have a criminal conviction .
it &apos;s generally where you will get if you call  UNK  in your city .
i personally don &apos;t accept this , that the building block of our time is reserved for experts , so i decided to change that .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
it &apos;s not just code for america fellows , there are hundreds of people all over the country that are standing and writing civic apps every day in their own communities .
and there &apos;s a generation out there that &apos;s grown up on the internet , and they know that it &apos;s not that hard to do things together , you just have to architect the systems the right way .
she said , &quot; the first thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always love your mom . &quot;
either it &apos;s going to turn into a sort of classical  UNK  like this , until something totally different comes along , or maybe it &apos;s going to do this .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
she &apos;s supportive when other people talk about their mistakes .
in many communities , people had to worry about being  UNK  .
that &apos;s where the dramatic increases have come in our prison population .
and so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it .
you can google it , but it &apos;s an infection , not of the throat , but of the upper  UNK  , and it can actually cause the  UNK  to close .
i want to talk about the problem and some potential solutions .
so by matching color , contrast and brightness in the borders between the different images , adding photographic  UNK  like depth of field ,  UNK  colors and noise , we erase the borders between the different images and make it look like one single image , despite the fact that one image can contain hundreds of layers basically .
they will even use tools like state  UNK  to infect your computer with a  UNK  , which enables them to watch all your communication , to listen to your online discussions , to collect your passwords .
yet i am afraid of privilege , of ease , of  UNK  .
and like a lot of people , i thought government was basically about getting people elected to office .
we &apos;re looking at some very interesting developments in our work .
and one of the things we did at  UNK  university is we appointed a chief listening officer .
it &apos;s a question of freedom against control .
i don &apos;t know what every transistor in the connection machine does .
so beyond simple play ,  UNK  are actually pretty powerful .
and i &apos;d go over there and i would , i would just listen .
if you keep hitting the default button per decision , that means you &apos;re getting overwhelmed , that means i &apos;m losing you .
for example , in germany , just a couple of weeks ago the so-called state  UNK  was found , which was a  UNK  used by german government officials to investigate their own citizens .
okay , there &apos;s some .
so how do people die as the result of a hack like this ?
and so it all brings us to one big question ...
this is not a question between privacy against security .
and try that again and do that for another generation .
and so , in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we , humanity , have started  UNK  out .
privacy is  UNK  .
because it  UNK  something that in a sense has been lost .
this is a dead turtle .
there were still  UNK  .
and i thought i could blend in .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps that the fellows wrote last year .
my cousins would be running around everywhere .
he was placed on  UNK  antibiotics and he recovered after a few days .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
the three words are : do you remember ?
so to me it felt like photography was more about being at the right place and the right time .
he types &quot;  UNK  &quot; into this official knowledge base .
and we &apos;re not going to fix government until we fix citizenship .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
these might be  UNK  services or cable guys for instance , just to see whether the  UNK  that &apos;s submitted still is in place .
but they do the job .
who could ever wish it on their own ?
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
there were gray whales in  UNK  bay a long time ago -- 500 years ago .
well i believe that our identity is at risk .
one method that &apos;s particularly interesting that i &apos;ve been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
you should ask for some of that .
here &apos;s their jam aisle .
and they will contest this because the evidence presented in an earlier mode is not in the way they would like the evidence presented .
he said , &quot; oh , mama tells all the grandkids that they &apos;re special . &quot;
solar technology is ...
but today in 2011 , if you go and buy a color laser printer from any major laser printer manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having slight yellow dots printed on every single page in a pattern which makes the page unique to you and to your printer .
and an hour or two later , if i saw her , she &apos;d come over to me and she &apos;d say , &quot;  UNK  , do you still feel me  UNK  you ? &quot;
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year that took three people about two and a half months .
what they need is a redefined medical culture .
this is happening to us today .
but now those drops of oil weren &apos;t really alive , as we say it now , because every one of them was a little random recipe of chemicals .
by doing that simple thing , there was an increase in  UNK  by 20 percent and there was an increase in the amount of people willing to save or the amount that they were willing to put down into their savings account by four percent .
and over the next two or three days , it was clear that she was never going to wake up .
so how does it happen ?
and i went back to my work on the  UNK  .
and i began giving her my rap .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a few were brilliant , and we broke through .
there will be this little blood pressure meter connected to an iphone or something or other .
the process is feeding on itself and becoming , i guess ,  UNK  is the word for it -- when something reinforces its rate of change .
if so , that means that what we &apos;re in the middle of right now is a transition .
and the next report we got said , &quot; i walked over to this location , found the  UNK  behind the house .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , lego came up with this .
and i started working on this motion , and the head of the motion was : &quot; motion to try my poor , 14-year-old black male client like a privileged , white  UNK  corporate executive . &quot;
i was in the desert , under the starry skies with the sufi singer  UNK  ali .
if you are a suspect in a criminal case , well it &apos;s pretty obvious , your phone will be tapped .
well the answer is , if i drew it on a normal curve where , let &apos;s say , this is years , this is time of some sort , and this is whatever measure of the technology that i &apos;m trying to graph , the graphs look sort of silly .
and that was the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
now choosing not to buy a jar of jam is probably good for us -- at least it &apos;s good for our  UNK  -- but it turns out that this choice overload problem affects us even in very consequential decisions .
because i was there in &apos; 71 , studying a  UNK  in west africa .
today , there are 2.3 million .
this is a simulation of  UNK  bay .
we want to sustain things that are gone or things that are not the way they were .
yet , my interest in photography started as i got my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
ultimately , you judge the character of a society , not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the condemned , the incarcerated .
he doesn &apos;t really come up with anything . he starts with animal control .
for example , here in california we &apos;re going to spend one billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years -- one billion dollars .
here it kind of looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he &apos;s really looking for is for someone to shovel him out when he gets  UNK  in , because he knows he &apos;s not very good at fighting fires when he &apos;s covered in four feet of snow .
and it &apos;s that  UNK  connection that i believe  UNK  us to not just be  UNK  to all the bright and  UNK  things , but also the dark and difficult things .
so that nervous system , the fact that they built these special information structures , tremendously sped up the whole process of evolution .
and she &apos;d say , &quot; well what are you going to do when you get here ? &quot;
and i think that opportunity exists all around us .
and it felt like technology should enable magic , not kill it .
if you generalize this , something like this happens .
it &apos;s called batting average .
and at that stage , we have  UNK  communities , communities of lots of different types of cells , working together as a single organism .
now suppose you live in a certain part of a certain remote place and you have a loved one who has blockages in two coronary arteries and your family doctor refers that loved one to a cardiologist who &apos;s batting 200 on  UNK  .
not in a very scientific way -- she puts up a little cup of coffee or cup of tea and asks patients , family , relatives , &quot; what &apos;s up ?
we decided to do a little experiment , and we picked jam for our experiment .
and then seattle decided to use it to get citizens to clear out clogged storm drains .
the thing is becoming faster and that &apos;s why i think it seems so confusing .
and she was barely breathing and she was blue .
last year , bear  UNK  posted this video that he had shot outside his home in yosemite national park .
we have a hard time talking about race , and i believe it &apos;s because we are unwilling to commit ourselves to a process of truth and reconciliation .
thank you .
when i thought about my grandmother , of course she would think all her grandkids were special .
i had written these crazy things .
so &quot;  UNK  cat &quot; is a  UNK  animation with  UNK  music .
who could have predicted &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black or &quot;  UNK  cat ? &quot;
that we cannot be full evolved human beings until we care about human rights and basic dignity .
but western governments are doing it to themselves as well .
and i was up too late one night and i starting thinking , well gosh , if the judge can turn you into something that you &apos;re not , the judge must have magic power .
the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is swing , but you know what ?
but when something like this happens , things are  UNK  changing .
and these folks know something that we &apos;ve lost sight of .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
and those are the neural structures .
two years later i was an attending in the emergency department at a community hospital just north of toronto , and i saw a 25 year-old man with a  UNK  throat .
i don &apos;t believe that .
fish development meant imposing on countries that had already 100,000  UNK  to impose on them industrial fishing .
oh , my god . oh , my god .
now i would like to have my own children , and i wonder about the boat .
so back in the day , when us indians wanted to travel we &apos;d jump into a chariot and we &apos;d zoom across the sky .
we settled in  UNK  , a working-class suburb whose demographic is layers of immigrants .
when proctor &amp; amp ; gamble went from 26 different kinds of head &amp; amp ; shoulders to 15 , they saw an increase in sales by 10 percent .
so , if you could bring up the lights .
we can handle more categories than we can handle choices .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
and nobody seems to be making a fuss about it .
my male uncles died of  UNK  diseases .
for example , how a  UNK  works , or why an elevator door stays open , or how an ipod responds to touch .
but on citizens connect everything is public , so everybody can see this .
i said , &quot; well we &apos;re trying to challenge injustice .
now would you please run all of those random sequences of instructions , run all of those programs , and pick out the ones that came closest to doing what i wanted . &quot;
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t do things the same way each time .
so i can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution on that within the computer in a few minutes , or in the complicated cases , in a few hours .
now why do we draw technology curves in  UNK  curves ?
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
but this image is actually entirely composed of photographs from different locations .
it turns out we can actually handle a lot more information than we think we can , we &apos;ve just got to take it a little easier .
and it &apos;s almost like an ideological reaction , like the antibodies begin to attack that person .
well , over the past decade , we have observed three main negative consequences to offering people more and more choices .
and the nurse thought about it and said very  UNK  , &quot; yeah , i think she &apos;ll do okay . &quot;
and to my horror , not only had i written it , but i had sent it to court .
so in these plans , we had about  UNK  plans that ranged from offering people anywhere from two to 59 different fund offerings .
and this boat , quite ugly , is called the  UNK  4 .
now let &apos;s take this back into my world of medicine where i &apos;m a lot more comfortable , or perhaps a bit less comfortable after what i &apos;m going to talk to you about .
otherwise , when i ask you a question , and if your answer is yes , i &apos;d like you to clap your hands .
and for example , the most sophisticated version that we &apos;re aware of is human language .
this is matthew anderson ,  UNK   UNK  and so on and so on .
and i think it starts with one physician , and that &apos;s me .
and the women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and inflexible , and troubled children caught between two worlds .
and i have to tell you , it was  UNK  .
now the question that i &apos;d like to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they don &apos;t go on forever .
and it &apos;s interesting , when i teach my students about african-american history , i tell them about slavery .
now i &apos;m an optimist , so i sort of think it &apos;s probably going to do something like that .
well i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
and there &apos;s hundreds of them .
if they found a paper which had the wrong kind of thought , they could track down who created that thought .
now neither of these extreme decisions are the kinds of decisions that any of us would recommend for people when you &apos;re considering their future financial well-being .
now how did he come to be looking for help in this very unique manner ?
and i memorized everything .
and i asked last week in a meeting with dutch government representatives , i asked one of the leaders of the team whether he found plausible that people died because of the  UNK  hack .
a few weeks ago we took  UNK  to risd and gave them to some designers with no experience in engineering whatsoever -- just cardboard , wood and paper -- and told them &quot; make something . &quot;
of the people who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent of them actually bought a jar of jam .
so you don &apos;t lose abundant animals .
and in fact , lots of people , scientists , will contest that it was really different .
when a friend of mine told me that i needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle  UNK  in new york city , i admit i wasn &apos;t very interested .
all right , let me show you some more about this .
i had the great privilege , when i was a young lawyer , of meeting rosa parks .
in the possibilities of linking together magic , the earth and technology , there are multiple possibilities .
she opened a computer store then studied to be a  UNK  and opened another business .
so he &apos;s getting citizens to check on them .
he had a potentially life-threatening condition called  UNK  .
let me tell you about some of the pieces .
and it &apos;s collected by my general practitioner as well , so he can see what &apos;s my problem in weight , not on the very moment that i need  UNK  support or something like it , but also looking backward .
but this has in it -- what i did is i took this code -- the code has standard letters that we use for  UNK  it -- and i wrote my business card onto a piece of dna and amplified it 10 to the 22 times .
and after about 15 or 20 minutes of this , she got up and she came across the room and she took me by the hand and she said , &quot; come on ,  UNK  . you and i are going to have a talk . &quot;
because the pictures made it feel more real to you .
it &apos;s a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed  UNK  report that &apos;s a response to the sec &apos;s request for comment on the financial reform bill .
it &apos;s just really about combining different realities .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
it &apos;s this , just like this .
and if you don &apos;t , someone can steal it from you .
and some of those drops of oil had a particular combination of chemicals in them which caused them to incorporate chemicals from the outside and grow the drops of oil .
and as soon as i walked inside , the judge saw me coming in .
and i didn &apos;t learn about this actually practicing law and doing the work that i do .
death penalty in america is defined by error .
and there is this stunning silence .
we would never do that in our own countries .
no apple has ever tasted the same .
now one of the important things we need to think about government is that it &apos;s not the same thing as politics .
i made it and i set to work treating her .
so right now , what i do is i design objects at such complexity that it &apos;s really impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
i was riding in a 747 with marvin minsky once , and he pulls out this card and says , &quot; oh look . look at this .
or photos like these -- both dark and colorful , but all with a common goal of retaining the level of  UNK  .
she shares her experience with others .
and as of today , we would like to introduce this , not only as  UNK  , which is what the product is called , but also  UNK  .
and you saw  UNK  &apos;s little evolutionary example where he sort of did a little bit of evolution on the  UNK  program right before your eyes .
in my 20 years or so of medical broadcasting and journalism , i &apos;ve made a personal study of medical  UNK  and medical errors to learn everything i can , from one of the first articles i wrote for the toronto star to my show &quot; white coat , black art . &quot;
it always starts with a sketch , an idea .
and this older black man stood up and he looked at that deputy and he looked at me and he said , &quot; i came into this  UNK  to tell this young man , keep your eyes on the prize , hold on . &quot;
in rwanda , even after the genocide , there was this commitment , but in this country we haven &apos;t done that .
about 10 minutes later the judge said we would take a break .
they sell certificates .
baseball is filled with some amazing statistics .
in fact , every living creature is written in exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
and these are not characteristics of old media , and they &apos;re barely true of the media of today , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
this happens to be a slide of some analysis that we were doing about the power of  UNK  microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
over the next few weeks , i beat myself up and i experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our culture of medicine -- where i felt alone , isolated , not feeling the healthy kind of shame that you feel , because you can &apos;t talk about it with your colleagues .
groups like anonymous have risen up over the last 12 months and have become a major player in the field of online attacks .
it &apos;s friday , friday . gotta get down on friday . everybody &apos;s looking forward to the weekend , weekend . friday , friday .  UNK  &apos; down on friday . so you didn &apos;t think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video i hope .
i don &apos;t know .
they learned to record the information that was the recipe of the cell onto a particular kind of chemical called dna .
she was back and near death .
and if your employees can &apos;t tell them apart , neither can your consumers . &quot;
i &apos;ve come to understand and to believe that each of us is more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
we have online criminals .
but somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem .
and she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot;
but i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that i &apos;ve never had a drop of alcohol .
in fact , they are programs that are much more efficient than programs i could have ever written by hand .
and that &apos;s nothing .
so when i was a graduate student at stanford university , i used to go to this very , very  UNK  grocery store ; at least at that time it was truly  UNK  .
thank you so much for coming to ted . thank you .
and these women would get together and just talk .
it connected deeply with something in me about identity , about the capacity of every person to contribute to a community , to a perspective that is hopeful .
so half of the customers are going to go from high choice , 56 car colors , to low choice , four  UNK  .
it &apos;s a  UNK  made of  UNK  that &apos;s afraid of the dark .
and one time i was over there listening to these women talk , and after a couple of hours ms. parks turned to me and she said , &quot; now  UNK  , tell me what the equal justice initiative is .
and i finally got out of the car and i started walking up to the  UNK  .
huh . hang on a moment .
and not even like a tech company , but more like the internet itself .
UNK  software usually takes a couple of years .
thank you .
save those . kill off the rest .
and i got in my car and i went to this  UNK  .
if you live in the state of california , for example , there &apos;s a referendum coming up this spring where actually there &apos;s going to be an effort to redirect some of the money we spend on the politics of punishment .
as of next week , it will soon be available .
on my show , on &quot; white coat , black art , &quot; i made it a habit of saying , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; i would say to everybody from  UNK  to the chief of cardiac surgery , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; what about yours ? &quot; and i would point the microphone towards them .
they had been pushed genetically .
because evolution could now happen within an individual .
good , really good , maybe an  UNK  .
speaking of the environmental crisis , i think a big problem has been in the last 10 years is that children have been locked inside their rooms , glued to their  UNK  , they haven &apos;t been able to get out .
and these pictures are extraordinary because this transition is very rapid .
i will never forget it .
life hadn &apos;t changed for centuries .
and because i was up too late , wasn &apos;t thinking real straight , i started working on a motion .
and in fact , if i knew and my colleagues knew that one of my orthopedic colleagues took off the wrong leg in my hospital , believe me , i &apos;d have trouble making eye contact with that person .
we all love baseball , don &apos;t we ?
here &apos;s an example of a project they made , a  UNK   UNK   UNK  ball .
and so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively .
we can get them to do things that they don &apos;t think they can do .
i think if somebody tells a lie , they &apos;re not just a liar .
i think even if you kill someone , you &apos;re not just a killer .
and the  UNK  was surrounded by palm trees , as you can see , and a few mangrove .
there are billions of them .
but now with mobile technology , we can actually take our children outside into the natural world with their technology .
and i got a big  UNK  , and i was convinced that i was really not from there .
so we &apos;ve all heard about fairies and we &apos;ve all heard about  UNK  , but how many people outside of india know about their indian counterparts , the  UNK  ?
and even though i finished my degree , i realized i could not settle into a career in law .
and my patients aren &apos;t cars ; they don &apos;t tell me their symptoms in the same way each time .
this is stephen watt .
when one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
and we would like to start this on a worldwide level .
i &apos;m sitting here making  UNK  sounds basically , and hopefully constructing a similar messy , confused idea in your head that bears some analogy to it .
i think i might have actually heard more hands .
but , but , you know what ?
i tell them about terrorism , the era that began at the end of reconstruction that went on to world war ii .
so for example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
he said , &quot; when we were in eastern europe and dealing with oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , an orientation of the spirit , a willingness to sometimes be in hopeless places and be a witness . &quot;
and you &apos;d think he was chasing  UNK  , but he wasn &apos;t .
well that orientation of the spirit is very much at the core of what i believe even ted communities have to be engaged in .
it was a way that parents could figure out which were the right public schools for their kids .
and that , to a large extent , is what we want to do now .
we have three main groups .
they go from low choice to high choice , they &apos;re hanging in there .
and it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that you &apos;ve actually taken .
it &apos;s interesting to me .
&quot; because you have been holding it since this morning , &quot; he said .
we &apos;re bringing our children and ourselves closer to the natural world and that magic and joy and childhood love that we had through the simple medium of a story .
somebody broke in and they hacked it thoroughly .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in jails and prisons .
and people will be able , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , send it into their doctor and eventually share it with others , for instance , for over a hundred dollars .
so now what i &apos;m going to do is i &apos;m going to vary the order in which these decisions appear .
her father died soon after she was born .
somehow she found time to study english and gain it qualifications .
cats were watching other cats watch this video .
and yet , in this country , in the states of the old south , we execute people -- where you &apos;re 11 times more likely to get the death penalty if the victim is white than if the victim is black , 22 times more likely to get it if the defendant is black and the victim is white -- in the very states where there are buried in the ground the bodies of people who were  UNK  .
he said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the death penalty in germany .
i lived in parallel worlds .
it mixed with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera , the process was in the planning instead .
actually , i made two more mistakes .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of this globe , that the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
so what we do is we put inside the machine a process of evolution that takes place on the  UNK  time scale .
he said , &quot; mr.  UNK  , did you write this crazy motion ? &quot;
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
and i did well , i graduated with honors ,  UNK   UNK  .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two or three years , we can &apos;t keep up with it .
they had  UNK  different kinds of jam .
if we want this institution to work for us , we &apos;re going to have to make bureaucracy sexy .
sometimes those ideas get ahead of our thinking in ways that are important .
and it worked for a while , until i met mrs.  UNK  .
but now web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world &apos;s culture .
the second major group of attackers that we are watching today are not motivated by money .
so go ahead and start inventing .
he is a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been balanced on the single hope of his country &apos;s unity and freedom .
another thing that &apos;s actually really important to me is creating content that is indian and yet very contemporary .
i was there because i grew up in europe and i wanted later to work in africa .
tan le , anonymous  UNK  resident , was now tan le , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in venues she had never heard of and into homes whose existence she could never have imagined .
so for my first question for you today : are you guys ready to hear about the choice overload problem ?
they &apos;re using their hands to write applications that make government work better .
now if i graph , for instance , some other technology , say transportation technology , on a  UNK  curve , it would look very stupid , it would look like a flat line .
so all you need to do is snap a blue to a green and very quickly you can start making larger circuits .
so in other words , the future has kind of been shrinking one year per year for my whole lifetime .
because the transition seems very , very confusing when we &apos;re right in the middle of it .
and i was shocked and  UNK  to the core .
but it &apos;s not documented .
he kept  UNK  back and forth .
and the snippets of  UNK  english were exchanged between people who had one thing in common , they were starting again .
over time , we concentrate on large animals , and in a sea that means the big fish .
because being an insider can so easily mean collapsing the horizons , can so easily mean accepting the  UNK  of your province .
this is a generation that &apos;s grown up taking their voices pretty much for granted .
you had to register a sample sheet of text out of the typewriter .
thank you .
the great increase in mass incarceration in this country wasn &apos;t really in violent crime categories .
but on the other hand , it also could be used to get people from out of their chairs and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity to get more control of their health .
and &#91; we &apos;re &#93; asking all of our colleagues in the rest of the world , colleague universities , to help us to find and work and act like a hub to  UNK  all these  UNK  all around the world .
boston doesn &apos;t just have a call center .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
and it opens up a map .
and if you &apos;re wondering about those other spikes , those are also fridays .
but at the same time , we know it can &apos;t .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
in high school , a  UNK  once said that brian goldman would study for a blood test .
and i think that &apos;s the orientation that we have to change .
she was born in the 1880 &apos;s and the experience of slavery very much shaped the way she saw the world .
they &apos;re more likely to choose things that make them less satisfied , even when they do objectively better .
do you know how many choices you make in a typical day ?
this is the work of the very smart people at the office of new urban mechanics in boston .
&quot; do you remember that patient you sent home ? &quot;
my mother ,  UNK  , was 18 when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , already with two small girls .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is only going to get worse .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can capture really , but i always want it to look like it could have been captured somehow as a photograph .
that our input to the system of government is voting .
they can express their opinion on any channel at any time , and they do .
can i give them a bow in their lives ,  UNK  bravely into each wave , the  UNK  and steady beat of the engine , the vast horizon that guarantees nothing ?
but combined , they can create something like this .
and similar to &quot; double rainbow , &quot; it seems to have just  UNK  up out of nowhere .
so the first steps of the story that i told you about took a billion years a piece .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i would ask that you reconsider , because things are changing .
somehow by ways that we don &apos;t quite understand , these little drops learned to write down information .
and the next piece of the jigsaw is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
and we &apos;re actually doing some litigation .
this is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer .
it would be  UNK  .
and yet , we have in this country this dynamic where we really don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
in 2010 , it was viewed 23 million times .
innovation , creativity , development comes not from the ideas in our mind alone .
and there are projects like this at every level of government .
these poor  UNK  have been trapped inside  UNK  &apos;s chambers for thousands of years in an old and  UNK  book .
and yet , we seem to be very comfortable .
but the thing is that it &apos;s made this simple that whenever i hop on , it sends my data through google health as well .
here you see , with felt and paper water bottles , we have  UNK  making ...
and what we found was that indeed there was a correlation .
and while we might trust our governments right now , right here in 2011 , any right we give away will be given away for good .
and also , tan &apos;s mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
so we &apos;re the  UNK  and we can &apos;t quite figure out what the hell this thing is we &apos;re creating .
and i think what we &apos;ve learned is that , if you &apos;re a teacher your words can be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a compassionate teacher , they can be especially meaningful .
my mother phoned minutes later .
it might take a moment to load .
my grandfather was in prison during  UNK  .
all right , let &apos;s go .
i believe that for every person on the planet .
so one citizen helped another citizen , but government played a key role here .
so i think this picture makes sense if you look at it a few billion years at a time .
now how many times have we elected a political leader -- and sometimes we spend a lot of energy getting a new political leader elected -- and then we sit back and we expect government to reflect our values and meet our needs , and then not that much changes ?
and this is an example of the ways that our own governments are using technology against us , the citizens .
and at about the nine day mark , they let her go -- mrs.  UNK  , a wife , a mother and a grandmother .
it was the threat of terror that shaped their lives .
my fourth technique : condition for complexity .
now if you do the math , people were at least six times more likely to buy a jar of jam if they encountered six than if they encountered 24 .
they &apos;re not fighting that battle that we &apos;re all fighting about who gets to speak ; they all get to speak .
this is not ...
and two days later i came to do my next emergency shift , and that &apos;s when my chief asked to speak to me quietly in her office .
no .
back then , when  UNK  , the great indian warrior prince , when he was thirsty , he &apos;d take out a bow , he &apos;d shoot it into the ground and water would come out .
the united states is the only country in the world where we sentence 13-year-old children to die in prison .
secondly , photos combined should have the same type of light .
i was an  UNK   UNK  student .
and the next steps , like nervous systems and brains , took a few hundred million years .
now these decisions vary in the number of choices that they offer per decision .
so in other words , they worked out , in this mindless sort of evolutionary way , a form of writing that let them write down what they were , so that that way of writing it down could get copied .
and what we found was that , the more funds offered , indeed , there was less participation rate .
photos like this : construction going on along a busy road .
they had to worry about being bombed .
i just see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces of reality and put it together to create alternate reality .
a couple months went by , and i had just forgotten all about it .
so i spoke out on youth unemployment and education and the neglect of the marginalized and the  UNK  .
they were there in february , and it  UNK  a lot in february last year .
possibilities that would not have been allowed were  UNK  encouraged .
they had 250 different kinds of  UNK  and  UNK  and over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of bottled water -- and this was during a time when we actually used to drink tap water .
it was fascinating because one of the scholars stood up after the presentation and said , &quot; well you know it &apos;s deeply troubling to hear what you &apos;re talking about . &quot;
what do you do with certificates ?
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be a  UNK  resident .
now as i talk about this problem , i &apos;m going to have some questions for you and i &apos;m going to want to know your answers .
so if you go back about two and a half billion years , the earth was this big , sterile  UNK  of rock with a lot of chemicals floating around on it .
she reminded me that i was now the same age she had been when we boarded the boat .
and then it happened again .
we had a team of fellows in boston last year through the code for america program .
and i got into my car and i was feeling really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
well she was back all right .
so what was the next step ?
now i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
i said , &quot; well , what are you talking about ? &quot;
and so -- it says , &quot; this box belongs to ... &quot; and so i type in my name .
they &apos;re obscure , weird programs .
the other thing we would like to ask is of companies also all over the world that will be able to help us  UNK  these  UNK  .
and i claim it &apos;s already today that it &apos;s more likely for any of us to become the victim of a crime online than here in the real world .
and those applications let us use our hands to make our communities better .
my brother said , &quot; come on . we &apos;re doing this today ; you always do what we do .
today i want to talk about one of the biggest modern day choosing problems that we have , which is the choice overload problem .
i used to love going to this store , but on one occasion i asked myself , well how come you never buy anything ?
and i really think that the most important thing of it is that we stopped listening to patients .
and he knew her , he would have been able to  UNK  additional information about her .
but so many over the years were helped .
only about 12 percent of the decisions did they make an hour or more of their time .
in sending her home , i  UNK  a little voice deep down inside that was trying to tell me , &quot; goldman , not a good idea . don &apos;t do this . &quot;
one out of three black men between the ages of 18 and 30 is in jail , in prison , on  UNK  or  UNK  .
how can i speak in 10 minutes about the bonds of women over three generations , about how the astonishing strength of those bonds took hold in the life of a four-year-old girl huddled with her young sister , her mother and her grandmother for five days and nights in a small boat in the china sea more than 30 years ago , bonds that took hold in the life of that small girl and never let go -- that small girl now living in san francisco and speaking to you today ?
so what we did , we  UNK  the netherlands .
and so every drop was a little bit different .
if there is a  UNK  in our family , it runs through the women .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to be talking about .
oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
so i signed the discharge papers , and an ambulance came ,  UNK  came to take her home .
and these were the things she thought we needed to commit to .
we call animal control , it just costs a lot of money .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates who came many times , but were  UNK  by the  UNK  of the men on our boat , or the engine dying and failing to start for six hours .
the conclusion that we came to was that magic had been replaced by machinery .
it &apos;s just taught me very simple things .
but then what happened was the individuals worked out , of course , tricks of communicating .
if we take a look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can group the attacks based on the attackers .
essentially the bottom of the sea came onto the deck and then was thrown down .
in fact , the drops that were different in a way that caused them to be better at incorporating chemicals around them , grew more and incorporated more chemicals and divided more .
a school uniform down to the ankles , because it had to last for six years .
and certainly , we could have been shoveling out those fire  UNK  all along , and many people do .
and i would look at her and i &apos;d smile , but she was very serious .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
we want to make every single interaction in the world into a  UNK  brick .
you have to see the enormous challenges that they &apos;re going to face .
and there they make great apps , they work with city  UNK  .
and then at my worst moments : why did i make such a stupid mistake ?
and we &apos;ve had some fantastic presentations .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including those that were in a locked case that came from  UNK  olive trees .
the next piece of the jigsaw is of a boat in the early dawn slipping silently out to sea .
but he didn &apos;t actually set out to make a viral video , bear .
it was busy , i was in a bit of a hurry .
you know , the average grocery store today offers you 45,000 products .
and that &apos;s when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
turned  UNK  on its side . walked home .
i am a redefined physician .
if i had really been a  UNK  , i would have put it into a virus and released it in the room .
it &apos;s got one knob , on / off .
and she said the three words : do you remember ?
if i start you off easy , i learn how to choose .
but there &apos;s another way of thinking about where we are in our identity .
and people started coming in because they were just outraged .
this is a prime example of what happens when governments attack against their own citizens .
and we say that word with such contempt .
and his answer was yes .
jimmy  UNK  actually .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
and she points out other people &apos;s mistakes , not in a gotcha way , but in a loving , supportive way so that everybody can benefit .
to these  UNK  ,  UNK  became another material , electronics became just another material .
we told her stories and assured her that we were still with her .
we there put out six different flavors of jam or 24 different flavors of jam , and we looked at two things : first , in which case were people more likely to stop , sample some jam ?
and as i was walking up the steps of this  UNK  , there was an older black man who was the janitor in this  UNK  .
so an app that takes a couple of days to write and then spreads virally , that &apos;s sort of a shot across the bow to the institution of government .
we need to find ways to embrace these challenges , these problems , the suffering .
so scott gets this call .
that all of our survival is tied to the survival of everyone .
so to make this blink faster or slower , you would just turn this knob and basically make it pulse faster or slower .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . that &apos;s okay . you all go ahead . i &apos;m not going to have any beer . &quot;
in urban communities across this country -- los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young men of color are in jail or prison or on  UNK  or  UNK  .
it turns out that in  UNK  grocery stores up and down the northeast corridor , the magazine aisles range anywhere from  UNK  different kinds of magazines all the way up to  UNK  .
and in fact , they began to get specialists in the community and special structures that were responsible for recording , understanding , learning information .
and assistant prosecutors and clerk workers .
in those plans that offered nearly 60 funds , participation rates have now dropped to about the  UNK  percentile .
and because of that there &apos;s this basic human dignity that must be respected by law .
what do you think a batting average for a cardiac surgeon or a nurse practitioner or an orthopedic surgeon , an  UNK  , a  UNK  is supposed to be ?
i spend most of my time in very low-income communities in the projects and places where there &apos;s a great deal of hopelessness .
&quot; well she &apos;s back , &quot; in just that tone of voice .
we have our cognitive biases , so that i can take a perfect history on a patient with chest pain .
and i was  UNK  from one piece of the jigsaw to another , and their edges didn &apos;t fit .
you &apos;ve heard it said before , but it &apos;s never been more true than today , that less is more .
so you agree to dig it out when it snows .
and when i listened to her chest with a stethoscope , i could hear  UNK  sounds on both sides that told me that she was in  UNK  heart failure .
thank you .
because the categories tell me how to tell them apart .
i &apos;m going to speak about a tiny , little idea .
let me show you how they work .
at midnight the monk came and told us he had to close the  UNK  .
that could happen within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas before they &apos;d built these special information processing structures , that would have had to be learned evolutionarily over hundreds of thousands of years by the individuals dying off that ate that kind of fruit .
here &apos;s a description of the road .
and getting this idea during winter , i knew that i had several months to plan it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle basically .
telephony , computers ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we &apos;ve now built within our society for handling that information .
and their pupils would dilate , they would  UNK  , then they would look down and swallow hard and start to tell me their stories .
because that &apos;s what you do when your name is yosemite mountain bear .
the more choices available , the more likely they were to put all their money in pure money market accounts .
i &apos;ve learned very simple things doing the work that i do .
and of that , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment .
this is not a finished story .
then it &apos;s about combining the different photographs .
she was the end of every argument in our family .
and the  UNK  staff pulled out all the stops .
so for example , we &apos;ve had designers with no experience with electronics whatsoever start to play with  UNK  as a material .
i began to feel a bit better .
well because they don &apos;t know that it was different .
and so what i &apos;m trying to ask , what i &apos;ve been asking myself , is what &apos;s this new way that the world is ?
but what about this day , this one particular friday ?
... paying attention to crowd-sourcing .
he retreated into silence .
and we were kind of just out there doing the stuff we  UNK  did .
she was tough , she was strong , she was powerful .
eight years ago when i was at the media lab , i started exploring this idea of how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and designers .
and that &apos;s a very sensible question .
it could happen in learning time scales .
hi . i &apos;m kevin  UNK  , i &apos;m the trends manager at youtube , and i professionally watch youtube videos .
it was  UNK  to her that she would not succeed .
so here &apos;s another example .
i would like to talk to you about why many  UNK  projects fail .
so scott was speaking person-to-person .
you know , often , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to cut .
so now , evolution can take place on a scale of microseconds .
we &apos;re actually projecting in another 10 years the level of  UNK  will be as high as it &apos;s been since prior to the passage of the voting rights act .
why should i worry ?
it &apos;s not our struggle .
&quot; just do it , &quot; she said , &quot; and don &apos;t be what you &apos;re not . &quot;
words , for so long his friends , now mocked him .
my mother suffered from nightmares all about the boat .
when was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure after failure after failure ?
photos where you will need a brief moment to think to figure out the trick .
and this has spread just  UNK  , organically , naturally .
this is bjorn  UNK  .
now take the same patient with chest pain , make them moist and  UNK  and put a little bit of alcohol on their breath , and suddenly my history is  UNK  with contempt .
if i show you 600 magazines and i divide them up into 10 categories , versus i show you 400 magazines and divide them up into 20 categories , you believe that i have given you more choice and a better choosing experience if i gave you the 400 than if i gave you the 600 .
what would it feel like to be living in a world where the nation state of germany was  UNK  people , especially if they were disproportionately jewish ?
but they don &apos;t perceive what happened before as a loss .
and over time it changes -- it changes because people do things , or naturally .
it &apos;s been seen nearly 200 million times this year .
and therefore they &apos;re not perceived as a big loss .
when the golden cat corporation got rid of their 10  UNK  cat litter products , they saw an increase in profits by 87 percent -- a function of both increase in sales and lowering of costs .
in the united states , the institute of medicine  UNK  it at 100,000 .
and this is one of the main three sources of online problems today .
because it doesn &apos;t feel like real money .
but really what they &apos;re doing is they &apos;re showing what &apos;s possible with technology today .
and if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think of why people were so touched by it -- never mind the  UNK  story -- why so touched by the imagery ?
and this is about shifting baseline .
now who &apos;s ready to go on this trip .
and now i &apos;ll give you a few seconds to read it and then i want you to clap your hands if you &apos;re ready to take gary up on his offer .
it brings together image and text and animation and sound and touch .
slowly but surely , it lifted .
others in medicine dread them as well , but there &apos;s something particular about emergency medicine because we see patients so  UNK  .
there is no disconnect around technology and design that will allow us to be fully human until we pay attention to suffering , to poverty , to exclusion , to  UNK  , to injustice .
so that worked . so  UNK  for scott .
and for that work , when i was a final year law student , i was chosen as the young australian of the year .
and what we looked at was whether the number of fund offerings available in a retirement savings plan , the 401 plan , does that affect people &apos;s likelihood to save more for tomorrow .
what about arab spring and things that have been happening , for example , in egypt ?
and this video had actually been posted all the way back in january .
and those that were like that started to split and divide .
i met people from all walks of life , so many of them doing the thing they loved , living on the frontiers of possibility .
he was actually collecting fish .
because  UNK  like jimmy  UNK  introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience .
essentially concrete blocks had become the building block of our time .
and i realized at the same time that it is okay to be an outsider , a recent arrival , new on the scene -- and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
they tell me to say , &quot; no , tell them that we grew up with that . &quot;
but these apps are like little digital reminders that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers of government , putting in our taxes and getting back services .
it &apos;s a complete denial of mistakes .
i do get tired , as we all do .
so we talk about a 300 , a batter who bats 300 .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
this is a condition in which the heart fails , and instead of being able to pump all the blood forward , some of the blood backs up into the lung , the lungs fill up with blood , and that &apos;s why you have  UNK  of breath .
in other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude in performance scale .
instead of sending them off into the third world , we send them into the  UNK  of city hall .
so i &apos;m just going to enter in .
the bricks are color-coded .
and he was here , as you well know , in &apos; 35 .
it &apos;s the one that says , not that what you did was bad , but that you are bad .
and i see the same process with combining photographs .
now when we think deeper about things like these , the obvious response from people should be that , &quot; okay , that sounds bad , but that doesn &apos;t really affect me because i &apos;m a legal citizen .
and yet , there is this disconnect .
my  UNK  again .
the underwater part was captured in a stone pit .
it &apos;s about as far as we go out .
so neurons are the information processing apparatus that those communities of cells built up .
we have to gradually increase the complexity .
so if you look at the extremes , those plans that offered you two funds , participation rates were around in the  UNK  -- still not as high as we want it to be .
there i think that the arts and film can perhaps fill the gap , and simulation .
you put a blue to a green , you can make light .
we work in a system where errors happen every day , where one in 10 medications are either the wrong medication given in hospital or at the wrong dosage , where hospital-acquired infections are getting more and more numerous , causing havoc and death .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that i would do so and i would be able to take care of my attending &apos;s patients without even having to contact him .
thank you very much .
well it was a friday , this is true .
we &apos;ve also been taking  UNK  to design schools .
they become rarer because we fish them .
so in other words , i define what i wanted .
we all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians -- and when i was younger , that seemed so very , very hard to do .
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to make you tired , tired , tired . &quot;
lego made it accessible .
one of two things is going to happen .
now the transition point happened when these communities got so close that , in fact , they got together and decided to write down the whole recipe for the community together on one string of dna .
in one , i was the classic asian student , relentless in the demands that i made on myself .
i &apos;ve been illustrating books since i was 16 .
you can put a knob in between and now you &apos;ve made a little  UNK  .
and i studied in my little  UNK  at the nurses &apos; residence at toronto general hospital , not far from here .
there is one project in the california court system right now that so far cost taxpayers two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
in the next book , we plan on having an interaction where you take your ipad out with the video on and through augmented reality , you see this layer of animated  UNK  appear on a  UNK  that &apos;s outside your house .
in poor communities , in communities of color there is this despair , there is this hopelessness , that is being shaped by these outcomes .
one of the interactions in the book is that you &apos;re sent off on this quest where you need to go outside , take out your camera on the ipad and collect pictures of different natural objects .
so this is great . this is the digital meeting the physical .
so every morning i hop on my wifi scale and before i &apos;m in my car , people start talking to me , &quot; i think you need a light lunch today ,  UNK  . &quot;
now here &apos;s a conference in which people talk about the future , and you notice that the future is still at about the year 2000 .
the smells from shop doors were from the rest of the world .
i ordered a kidney x-ray . when it turned out to be normal , my colleague who was doing a  UNK  of the patient noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons .
imagine him as the communists enter  UNK  , confronting the fact that his life had been a complete waste .
if you could bring up the lights higher , because i &apos;m just going to use a piece of paper here .
how well do you think you &apos;re doing at managing those choices ?
they come from the ideas in our mind that are also fueled by some conviction in our heart .
and despite that , it  UNK  a level of  UNK  .
here we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects , something we all can relate to living in a three-dimensional world .
all the dollars were allocated and extra  UNK  in english and mathematics was  UNK  for regardless of what missed out , which was usually new clothes ; they were always  UNK  .
in both cases , they had their operations and they did okay .
you &apos;re an inspiring person .
so one day -- this is an actual report -- this came in : &quot;  UNK  in my  UNK  . can &apos;t tell if it &apos;s dead .
and what we caught , we didn &apos;t have words for it .
but we &apos;re taking something very complicated , turning it into sound , sequences of sounds , and producing something very complicated in your brain .
wooo !
and it &apos;s also a great example of government getting in on the crowd-sourcing game .
and mass incarceration , in my judgment , has fundamentally changed our world .
but it has an unexpected twist .
the company headquarters are right here .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a small bottle of poison .
i wanted to retreat to the routines and comfort of life in an  UNK  suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending each day as they had for almost 20 years , telling one another the story of their day and falling asleep , the three of us still in the same bed .
and this piece of 50-year-old technology became the most magical thing to me .
but one fellow in particular , a guy named erik  UNK  , noticed something else , and that &apos;s that citizens are shoveling out sidewalks right in front of these things .
my first memories are from the boat -- the steady beat of the engine , the bow  UNK  into each wave , the vast and empty horizon .
we &apos;ll just -- we can just skip -- i &apos;ll just skip through the video instead ...
i don &apos;t say that because i think that &apos;s virtuous ; i say that because there is power in identity .
and somehow kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
and i think our current punishment philosophy does nothing for no one .
and when i listened to her , she was making a  UNK  sound .
this is the call center for the services and information line .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and he had this  UNK  of beer -- i don &apos;t know where he got it -- and he grabbed me and my sister and we went out in the woods .
no had never been an option .
now before we started our session this afternoon , i had a chat with gary .
&quot; you have not let it go . &quot;
we love innovation .
about an hour after she had arrived home , after i &apos;d sent her home , she collapsed and her family called 911 and the  UNK  brought her back to the emergency department where she had a blood pressure of 50 , which is in severe shock .
what i want to show you is not so much the details of the slide , but the general form of it .
tell me what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
i didn &apos;t pick up the phone and do what i was supposed to do , which was call my attending and run the story by him so he would have a chance to see her for himself .
we &apos;re right at that point of transition .
so i &apos;ve got now a new generation of programs that are produced by combinations of the programs that did a little bit better job .
i found myself becoming a little bit of a  UNK  .
given who we were and how life had shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have  UNK  us .
this is a map that grows and glows and becomes your navigation for the rest of the book .
if you should ever have the chance to staff your city &apos;s call center , as our fellow scott  UNK  did as part of the program -- in fact , they all do that -- you will find that people call government with a very wide range of issues , including having an  UNK  stuck in your house .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
add this buzzer for some extra punch and you &apos;ve created a noise machine .
alone , ashamed and  UNK  .
but where would be the nearest  UNK  to help this patient ?
people are always upset when i say , &quot; cut . &quot;
and that was my first time to be  UNK  with that .
and i saw mrs.  UNK  , and she was  UNK  .
after only one trip .
and you often see that problem when it comes down to those long lists of all these funds .
and then , so if you can just turn on the slide that &apos;s on .
she was the daughter of people who were actually enslaved .
when we create the right kind of identity , we can say things to the world around us that they don &apos;t actually believe makes sense .
but for african-americans in this country , that was an era defined by terror .
over time we have a few fish left and we think this is the baseline .
do we really think we &apos;re going to get where we need to go without fixing the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
56 percent of all rape cases don &apos;t result .
for those people who actually want to choose , they &apos;re given 20 funds , not 300 or more funds .
and i say , &quot; computer , would you please now take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best job .
i represent people on death row .
