we don &apos;t want to talk about history .
so what i &apos;m going to do is i &apos;m going to change the rate of decisions .
we regenerate the past that people can &apos;t perceive it because the  UNK   UNK  , which is  UNK  .
who doesn &apos;t wear baseball , right ?
in fact , i was confident that i was a confident that i was just about the taliban nurse , she &apos;s only her mantra , &quot; she &apos;s only thinking she she &apos;s okay ? &quot;
at a time , your screen .
at the end of the meeting said , &quot; third , is a promise that she will never eat wine . &quot;
that input for the government system and the election .
and ending the  UNK  . &quot;
it says , &quot; the drone would have an effect on the same token that you would have a secure flight . &quot; it doesn &apos;t make you feel confident ? &quot;
so to get a good outcome , i think it goes to plan .
i don &apos;t know how to use the fruits .
and so this disc of this disc will provide a petition to try and make a fair commitment to law .
so , in those plans , we &apos;ve got  UNK  plans from people from all backgrounds .
now in the world of finance finance , i think one of the best examples of how to make the best choice is that david  UNK  has to work in  UNK  .
if you have the opportunity to work in the first part of the city , like scott  UNK  , one of our members -- in fact , all they do -- you &apos;ll notice that people referred to call the community to a lot of problems , there &apos;s a  UNK  mouse in your house .
i watched your eyes , it &apos;s  UNK  .
and the black man stood up and look at the  UNK  street , and turned out to look at me , and i looked at me and said , &quot; i &apos;m here to say this guy to say , &quot; hey , let &apos;s say , &quot; hey , let &apos;s say hello to your protagonist . &quot;
or these pictures like this -- both colors and  UNK  , but all of them with a result of their performance .
suppose you were punished , and when you were introduced me a surgery with a surgical surgeon , which is 400 400 .
but today &apos;s oil doesn &apos;t really exist , as we say , now because all of them is a random rule of chemicals .
this is the old ideas that constantly appear in our thinking that they &apos;re very important .
we still think it &apos;s  UNK  .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i ask you to consider again , because everything is changing .
every single time , she &apos;s called &quot; and she said , &quot; hey ,  UNK  ,  UNK  park will come to the town and we &apos;re going to talk to talk .
all right .
they &apos;re going to argue that because you have been used in the ways of ways that it doesn &apos;t work in the way they want it .
the sun is ...
the child in me was extremely interested in the possibilities .
or two or six hours , if i saw three girls would come to and say , &quot; well , how do you feel like you ? &quot;
so , in addition to the future , the future seems to be a year for a year .
the groups of  UNK  have been killed in the last 12 months and became part of the  UNK  sergeant .
how do you think about it ?
they were designed designed to become light , sound ,  UNK  and sensing .
so we &apos;re separated .
there &apos;s a  UNK  .
and this idea for the next tower , i know i &apos;ve lost a few months to prepare , to find the different places for images .
and i went back to work .
i &apos;m a student obsessed with perfection .
here they are  UNK  .
no punishment .
because if you &apos;re standing in your body &apos;s easy to be able to make a vision , maybe it &apos;s easy to accept your flaws in your areas .
because that &apos;s the consequences of what we start to have a profound view of what we are .
it &apos;s closer to this maze , and now you &apos;ve created a  UNK  machine .
there &apos;s always a start with an illusion , a idea .
it &apos;s unimaginable .
if i have to go into a room full of my colleagues and remember what they &apos;re right now and started telling me what i just told you , i can &apos;t tell you all the two things before they see it , and they will continue to work .
haydn -- there &apos;s a big ted fellow -- the director of the grand cloud is a number of the largest dvd per hectare in a season .
we &apos;ve created six different types of  UNK  or six different types of  UNK  , and we noticed two things : the first thing , in the case , everybody else wants to stop , throwing the fabric ?
we &apos;re taking off .
we have here the three objects that are perfect , but that we can all relate to life in the three-dimensional world .
and therefore , all of them are different .
the only challenge was three to 10 .
and they discovered that the average average was made for a mission for a week .
that goat doesn &apos;t mean i &apos;m talking about the ones that make you dissolve in the cage .
so what happens here ?
but the cat are looking at faces of this video .
i have a question for all of you here : when there are important important things to our hands , all of us , we will be a  UNK  crowd , or will we become a group of people ?
you &apos;re thinking about the title for a surgeon , a nurse , a nurse or a orthopedic surgeon , a surgeon , which is that ?
i &apos;ve also experienced a long time living in the community of low-income people with the project , and the controversy .
they came to the adult age at the sizes sizes .
well , when we started our part of the evening , we had a conversation with me .
and within that year , in the lab lab is a next revolution that &apos;s going to be published , the next generation of the bricks .
now , it &apos;s only whether you &apos;re trying to get involved in getting more than the existing choices , even , negative consequences .
do you have a sense of choice choices for your economy ?
they have more different varieties of  UNK  .
the crime in the united states has dropped a lot of over the last three decades .
in fact , every living organisms has its genome sequenced by copying and the same code .
and that happens .
and of course , we &apos;re never going to have to lose that in mortal . &quot;
the greatest fear is bald , the rape , and death .
mau , the outer dimension i did 56 steps .
so what i want to give you today is that the engineering we are testing , many of the techniques that we &apos;ve tested by various ways that you can use very much in your business .
about race and about the question of whether we deserve to kill them .
no .
i was completely devoid of  UNK   UNK  oil .
but , but , do you know ?
i really believe that the ted community has to be more courageous .
he came here in the  UNK  years , you know quite a very clear .
and i argued that the leadership that we have become victims of the victims of the larger animals in the real world .
one of two things will happen .
there they will write these amazing applications , working with staff .
and when i stepped up to the end of the court supreme court camp -- he was a  UNK  driver .
these arguments are not rational .
life is in the journals .
the unexpected don &apos;t have to create a video .
for instance , in particular cases , we can actually develop a program using the  UNK  .
it means that it turned out into the ground , it falls off , it &apos;s not arrested , and the friends , you &apos;d like to throw the lid back to the first  UNK  , and the  UNK  .
we can &apos;t get this .
and i &apos;m also good .
and i think you should read it .
i think the thought that i would lose my enjoyment and enjoy the  UNK  without getting a camera , but not getting twitter to my friends .
thank you .
and i see that these guys are intercut with them .
they didn &apos;t give up .
but another thing .
and i  UNK  everything .
and the next piece of painting is about four women , three generations to liberate life .
but i think there &apos;s something that &apos;s missing us .
over time we spend less , and we think this is a  UNK  street .
it &apos;s just a basic chemical form of life , but it &apos;s interesting , but it &apos;s more interesting things that they &apos;re learning to swallow .
i was in the desert , under the sky of the  UNK  islands ,  UNK  ali .
and therefore , we have three wars against people with people from their own  UNK  or  UNK  or whatever they pay for their own .
but together , they can make something like this .
sometimes it creates a illusion .
i &apos;m good , i &apos;m a high school , the  UNK  .
recently , i &apos;ve been spending over 2,000 years of americans , and the average number of choice that the typical american citizens did was about 70 times in a day .
we want to maintain things that are not , or something else .
and people would be at home at their blood pressure , and they send me to share their bodies to share with other people , and it &apos;s more than 100 dollars .
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but bacteria can actually manipulate dna .
and the nurse is at the same time and say , &quot; oh , i think that she &apos;s going to be okay . &quot;
so every morning i don &apos;t need to get the money , and before i stepped up on the car , people start to tell me , &quot; i think that this girl should be  UNK  . &quot;
can you write something like this one ?
here it says , &quot; let &apos;s put your hands up every morning . &quot;
you have to realize the big challenges that they &apos;re facing .
but it &apos;s not .
maybe a few moments of life .
again , again .
in a world , i &apos;m a typical student ,  UNK   UNK  .
i walked into the car , and it was very painful .
and this topic is going to continue to finance .
in fact , a lot of people , and scientists will say that it &apos;s very different .
the united states senate , two months ago , the congressional bank accounts of dr.  UNK  , who in his with  UNK  million dollars at the time at the time .
so , it &apos;s old 10 times square , which is a  UNK  flier .
for those who have faith in government , it &apos;s time when we ask ourselves about a world we want to leave our children .
maybe maybe a bit of a video .
and the english  UNK  is in the conversation between the people who have a common common , they &apos;re starting .
and they are the most primitive stem cells , but that &apos;s small .
my mother ,  UNK  , every 18 minutes of her mother died -- had a family , a marriage marriage , had two little girls .
this is a map from the nest and the light and it fills the way for you during the rest of the book .
now , one thing to do at least six times fewer people who want to buy a bottle when they saw six hundred times when they saw 24 .
i also believe that in many countries , and , of course , in many parts of the world , the poverty of poverty is not rich .
when i was a little girl , he gave me a wristwatch on the north pole .
judge them again .
a few years ago , i started a program looking for advanced technologies and made conditions for a year and work in the environment , seemed to hate it ; they must be doing it .
the united states has now highest highest in the world .
it was very busy , i was talking .
and i was built by displaying this piece of light to another piece , but they &apos;re not attached to each other .
this sounds strange , but i &apos;m a huge fan of concrete .
on the other hand , it &apos;s used to pull people out of the room sitting together with each other to better than better than their health .
and the cuban missile has not resist the regime of her husband , she sued a lawsuit when he was writing and from the president , and the stronger intensified was a lawsuit .
my mission is not to have that life in vain , and my lesson is to realize , yes , history has been  UNK  us , but we seized .
but this happened to  UNK  other  UNK  .
now we &apos;ve mapped a little time again again .
i learned in my little  UNK  hole in the center of the mall in toronto , not far away .
it &apos;s a fight against crime .
i was three  UNK  that didn &apos;t speak for the doctor .
oh , i &apos;m finished ?
and i mention this because i think it &apos;s really important .
i &apos;ve been talking about four techniques to deal with the  UNK  choices -- reduce the ability to make it , in fact -- to make it more practical .
in both cases , these are all sorts of damage , in fact , because in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , we actually haven &apos;t seen any of this problem that we should have .
and yet we don &apos;t really understand the choice of it .
but it &apos;s not just stopping .
i can &apos;t shake .
this story . we heard a lot of time about the galapagos and elsewhere , so there &apos;s no special about it .
i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
for example , the most complicated version of us know the language of humankind .
we all have  UNK  in the car .
it could be regenerative anesthesia , rainwater  UNK  , used to be a  UNK  mouse inside the inside .
this is actually going to give me a lot .
they were terrified of garbage .
and so it says , &quot; the book is &quot; -- &quot; and so i went to my name .
all the  UNK  that i showed you today is to design your choices , and you can applications for yourself to serve yourself .
UNK  is different electronics with different functions .
the difference is they recognize that as a loss .
some of the examples of the innovators from the world carrying themselves from the fringes themselves .
you know , that kind of  UNK  , when you take a secret that you yourself most of you can never go out and you &apos;re  UNK  , and you &apos;re  UNK  , and the two people who are  UNK  , and , you
it just taught me very simple things .
and during this phase , we were able to launch the stage before , but only a little bit .
and i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to . &quot;
i &apos;m not using a  UNK  .
of course , each of these attempts to include a lot of little options .
now we see the opposite effect .
i &apos;m really tired meters , just like everybody .
i think that our personalities are being crippled .
well , when i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; yes , my promise . &quot;
as you can see , it &apos;s not just simple to play a  UNK  .
the lego made it possible .
in the aviation industry , we &apos;re never going to let people go , if we &apos;re going to take a drop out of the airbag .
we settled in  UNK  , the suburbs of the suburban dweller among the civilians .
and i graduated from school to if i remember all the time and i know all the time , or as much as possible , the more you know , i would have immunity with the wrong problem .
and it &apos;s almost as a reaction reaction , as jared diamond starts to attack .
she was growing up in the age of  UNK  that  UNK  society and  UNK  local dialects .
they use online activities to earn a lot of money , lots of money .
i would like to celebrate the representative of the suicide bomber .
now that &apos;s the first question of today , are you ready to hear about the  UNK  problem ?
and i was shocked and busted me down .
how did this attack attack ?
and even though i graduated from , i realized that i couldn &apos;t get rid of the law .
i grew up in the southern area , and there &apos;s a brother , bigger than one , and a sister , a little girl age .
the key thing is important to me is to create the actual content of india .
i &apos;m going to talk about a little bit .
&quot; do you remember the patient for you ? &quot;
he died , condemned  UNK  .
transistors is incredible staggering statistics .
and the number of people have been touched greatly .
the main reason here is what we can love to look at the great wall of paradise --  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , but we can &apos;t make the problem of the books and the  UNK  and  UNK  .
i came to ted , because i believe a lot of people in the idea that the moral mind is very long , but it &apos;s public opinion .
and the most exciting part of them is that they vibrate together .
because after all , all we depend on every single person living on this planet .
it could happen during the presence of life , in the same forces that they form this particular structure structure , which could be learned in the process of evolution in the process of thousands of colonies , because she died .
the pictures that you need a little bit of thinking to find a secret .
my mom , my sister and i slept them on a bed .
i think , even when you kill somebody , you &apos;re not a boy .
because the picture blew it to you .
well , there &apos;s always a chance to be around us .
and that is the connection of the heart and the , and the and that i believe believe that will make us not only pay attention to the  UNK  things , but it &apos;s difficult .
so this process continued to move and continued , i guess ,  UNK  is the appropriate term -- when draws through a rate that changes its change .
my mom said , &quot; why is my mother so sick ? &quot;
we work in a system that has happened in every single day , in which every single one or a single dose , or whether it &apos;s a  UNK  or a half to the other , a lot of infection from the other and more .
but there are more 48 hours a video on youtube every minute .
and i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
my second cause is worse .
in a world where video video games are more than just at every minute , the only thing , and suddenly that might be aware of attention to the way these things .
and this is something that we talked about the  UNK  curve .
at the end of a night came and told us that we had to shut down .
this is the description description .
it &apos;s really important , but someone takes their energy from them .
it was nine of people convicted of us who found a innocent innocent and drop out of suicide .
and in fact , they are buried in the colony and special structures that are responsible for  UNK  , read , understand information .
and then again , it &apos;s a different generation .
and when i talk about this , i &apos;ll have some questions for you and i hope to answer the answer from you .
and let me end up with my grandmother : i have a little girl .
thank you .
and whenever you &apos;re in a city like mau  UNK  someone who has been lied to you can use your iphone , and within a few weeks , i can run the app on the phone calls to find the most  UNK  device that can save lives .
i ended up in 1971 , in research in india .
at the end of the time you hear somebody talking about wrong , and wrong , and wrong ?
and do you know what people don &apos;t want to talk about their worst case ?
she &apos;s never allowed me to forget my life .
the skin cells are not going to be if not the presence of the heart , the cells , brain cells , and a lot of cells .
so , what you need to do is the green blue zone , and then you &apos;re going to be able to shake into the larger .
and then , copied  UNK  the cybercriminals .
so they wanted to kill it for beef .
and only about 12 percent percent of their decisions are actually made in a more or more .
so what i want to talk about is that , perhaps the body is the stage that we &apos;re experiencing .
we can solve many more often than we solve problems .
and what i learned is that the error is everywhere .
he was dying of the disease .
the people in the  UNK  is bathed in a source .
that &apos;s really important .
but together in a way , they create something that looks like this is , like that .
but i continued to work .
in every morning i was on the morning .
&quot; no , no , it &apos;s false .
the coast is somewhere else .
and you can &apos;t just do with these techniques , but also , &quot; the solution . &quot;
the fourth of my four : the conditions for complexity .
so you have a situation in which people don &apos;t know about the past , even though they &apos;re living in society , because they don &apos;t believe what happened .
we are at the moment of  UNK  .
but there are other ways of thinking about where we are in our personalities .
and there are seven million people who were crippled .
this is just a random page that i choose from my material .
and then they decided to use this software to help the people out of the  UNK  .
and if you think it &apos;s kind of ridiculous , you should know that there &apos;s three hours of four million tweets .
i know that there are more different interventions when i classify the acid of the gods .
i think that the reason of that is because we all feel that &apos;s going on at the moment .
and there &apos;s a  UNK  silence .
and what we see is is that there &apos;s a lot of resources available in energy planning to boost our 401 plan to boost the ability to save tomorrow .
and it seems like a &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
there &apos;s a little bit of me .
i think that art and movies can be able to scale , and simulation .
the video of  UNK  : what does this mean ?
&quot; not just  UNK  . &quot;
and over 10,000 dollars in the netherlands have been found and sent back .
but that &apos;s the best thing that may happen for this is called a sense of pressure , the pressure that have used to help patients -- since it &apos;s used to tuberculosis , it can be used to cure patients .
and sure that we can find a series of fast-food outlets .
we &apos;re going to get ahead , we &apos;re going to be in the world .
and again , i even put the house on the top of the island made it in sweden .
&quot; the first thing she wanted to be alive . &quot;
imagine him , a communist  UNK  money in  UNK  , the fact that the rest of his life had  UNK  .
they . give a little bit .
what do i want to say ?
we predict that 10 years ago , the average rate of growth would be  UNK  before the election arrives .
in fact , mobility is the core of my belief that i think about ted .
we &apos;re now replicating solar energy .
and it seems that new technologies are creating miracles , not to kill it .
when i say authenticity , i mean authenticity .
stephen hawking .
developmental development means that it &apos;s going to impose on those countries , which has a 100,000 incidence of  UNK  to the  UNK  .
when we don &apos;t really care about things that are difficult things , the good things are affected .
the third rule is that made it in the actual mind in the place where the images are starting to end and end by making them seamlessly .
on my tv show , &quot; virtual white stripes , art came , &quot; i made a habit of saying , &quot; this is my worst mistake , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell people all my medical staff , &quot; blah blah blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah , blah blah
it &apos;s actually jimmy jimmy  UNK  .
there are many instances of what happened in  UNK  .
there are now nine cities that are working on this app .
and he looked at me , &quot; oh , i hope you &apos;re not going to not too much of talking about your talk , and you . &quot;
they &apos;re creative inspiration .
the progression of the time that i want to look at is the rate of life on earth .
we have ideological stereotypes based on the basis of examples , for example , i could accept that there is a very low radiation who have a perfect .
if you generalize this , something like this happens .
and finally , i believe that this is very exciting , which is very exciting , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very
terrorists , started from the end of the rebuilding of migration and deepening to world war ii .
and i think there &apos;s the  UNK  of explaining how to begin with it , but i &apos;m going to tell you a simple story about it , the story , at that point , at the time , there is a tiny little bit  UNK  around it .
and these people know that we don &apos;t have to focus on it .
and so they bring them back to a modern book .
now , the turnaround time happens when these communities come together , so in fact , they together form a recipe for the colony on a single sample .
it &apos;s only that we can actually solve a lot more information , we can make them more easy .
in the &apos; 70s -- -- well , no , starting from the &apos; 60s -- europe did a lot of projects .
slowly , emotions .
i believe that we need to do more work to help people who are made by victims , rather than it .
because we were and how many people have made us , now we could see that the men that could get into our lives .
i &apos;m a new crossroads .
so the first step of the story i told people in a billion dollars .
and i underwent a long time of shame from the temptation to hate myself and work back , and again , again , again , again .
and my patient &apos;s not supposed to be ; they &apos;re not isolated in the same way in the same way .
so we set up a video and a crowd , &quot; if you see a  UNK  device , please send the information for us to know where it works , because it sometimes is sometimes possible .
it can happen in the process of information .
they seem to choose something that they do less when they do better than they do .
make it easy to use techniques and start with them to make a sense of sense for patients in teams .
and my colleagues are exploring , and when you detect the underneath the right , and he calls the surgeon .
there &apos;s a total african country 20 percent of africa being  UNK  with  UNK  .
and i was  UNK   UNK  -- for him .
for those things , the error is  UNK  .
and these are not the characteristics of the heart of the media , but almost almost never true to the media today , but they will determine the future of the future .
jimmy  UNK  has been on twitter and to end up this video installation .
and i was disappointed .
it has changed -- it changes , it &apos;s caused by a contribution or something natural .
you can make a series of changes .
that spawned a software that takes a couple of years .
and it allows us to produce more complex products than the normal design .
but this has led me .
UNK  is dancing ; and nobody knows where he &apos;s .
the best thing is to make the students begin to understand the workings of the daily electronics around them that they can &apos;t be learned in classrooms .
it &apos;s hard to talk about how images are made .
now i want to have kids , and i wonder about the boat .
because the evolution of evolution can happen in one individual .
so i think it &apos;s basically pretty simple .
and gary says that he &apos;s willing to help people uprooted in this one event that the amount of money to the world &apos;s best way to the world .
so the lesson i &apos;ve done with  UNK   UNK  and  UNK   UNK  , and we &apos;ve made a summary with each of the people who work in  UNK  and now those people who have in a phase they can afford to plan .
he draws his team on the driver .
because the connection tells me how to divide them .
but there &apos;s a big difference : being  UNK  .
there are three reasons : people who create , tribal societies .
this is interesting . this is how technology is accessible to real life .
you can get this encrypted on google , but it &apos;s tuberculosis , it &apos;s not , but it &apos;s a  UNK  , and it can lead to the  UNK  .
UNK  ,  UNK  !
he goes to silence .
in fact , if you need one , if you have a website where you have a site to use the  UNK  services , which is the kind of services that are being used .
or tell them that we had to grow up with that .
people were in their rooms , because they were angry .
you may be aware of color and the sounds like &quot; avatar &quot; avatar . &quot;
have you ever seen these people ?
that i have a new mantra , which is black and poverty .
she was very strong , powerful , powerful and powerful .
and i think what we see is that , if you &apos;re a teacher , your words will be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a rich teacher , your words , meaning your meaning .
i &apos;m very sorry about that , but i &apos;m trying to learn something that i can draw for somebody else .
now , the mistake i was a vulnerability is not true when i did in a hospital that went to only 14 to me .
this is not a problem between privacy and security .
in fact , different waterfalls in ways that they &apos;re capable of getting better relate to their surroundings , growing faster and more  UNK  .
and for the process , i collect more and more knowledge .
the  UNK  and a  UNK  says , &quot; i &apos;m going through a new dimension . &quot;
well , yes , you know a cocktail party and perhaps you heard a story about a doctor , but you won &apos;t listen to somebody else .
but it &apos;s not recorded .
in fact , he &apos;s actually  UNK  the fear of people here .
i had a couple of talk about her intestine .
if i start with you very easily , i learned a choice .
and since i was too late , but i didn &apos;t think of the system so i started writing a petition .
it knows where we are .
so here , you need the ipad , you take the muscle .
it &apos;s going to make you , tired , tired and tired . &quot;
there &apos;s a patient i think of being  UNK  .
i don &apos;t know what i do .
because i think the only way to understand this is actually bumping into the past and spend a long-term perspective .
and in the worst of moments : why did a mistake of stupid punishment ?
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer , &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re attorney ? &quot; i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
take the program and they &apos;re going to create a product by aligning standards , and the product of the laws of these two rules .
a lot of people have stopped , about 60 percent when we brought 24 24  UNK  , and when only six species , there &apos;s only 40 percent .
my mission is to be when i was a nightmare to suit my mother .
most of all day , i did a huge place where we had to eat .
and she is his answer .
the more the more choices have more people sending money to all their money into the financial markets .
it &apos;s a good news , because we &apos;ll have more than the actions of the  UNK  of technology .
and i think that opportunity is always around us .
maybe i wanted to be successful , and responsible for responsible responsibility to do the back of the patient &apos;s staff , but not negotiate with him .
this is the diagram description .
lunch is approaching me , and i think i &apos;m going to stop here , before i was kind of  UNK  .
it &apos;s called  UNK  seeded .
and that &apos;s like &quot;  UNK   UNK  , &quot; it seems to say that nothing .
and my mission was when the emergency emergency c-section went to find out , i went into the emergency room .
this story is not last .
we &apos;re having a security system that would not be treated with you a lot better if you win , poor people , poor people .
and therefore , it &apos;s driving itself .
this is an example of how our governments are using technology to fight us , the citizens of the country .
in fact , you have a lot of information about the first time , then the second time , but the second time , i &apos;ll guess that you &apos;re really , in fact the second time .
a few days later , we went to a  UNK  tank in  UNK  and sat around her  UNK  .
you &apos;re busy busy .
and that &apos;s basically what i want to say .
this became a silent , and she said , &quot; in our history , we lived in killing blindness .
like most adults on my boat , my mother took a little nugget bottle .
it &apos;s not rich , rather than i have no impact on the outcomes .
next week , a device will be launched .
but in fact , the more that we see is that if you &apos;re willing to reduce the amount of choices , we need to reduce the amount of options that the amount of phosphorus is down to the cost , and the improvement is improvement in the experience of choice .
people have seen the little example of the evolution of evolution when he has evolved evolved on the right focus on the front door .
and part of that story is sometimes due to a  UNK  period .
fifteen , 15 minutes have been taught , you know , through the room , and so i said , &quot; hey ,  UNK  .  UNK  , and you will talk . &quot;
when i said my  UNK  , and she looked at me and said , &quot; uh , uh . &quot;
he doesn &apos;t think something else . he begins with the control of animals .
if someone likes to hundreds of millions of laptops , i could give people in this room a lot of friends , and in fact , everybody in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
she was sick to me so that i was breathing , and then she left me .
because now we &apos;re not just paying it , but we &apos;re participating .
within a year , you do a survey poll , the tunisian industry started .
seriously .
the rest of that day , i had a feeling of  UNK  in the cage .
because there are tens of billions of transistors .
i don &apos;t want to do a master party .
last year , the catholic  UNK  saw this video , he photographed his outside of his house in yosemite national park .
we &apos;re losing them .
okay , three has to come back .
&quot;  UNK  &quot; is a  UNK  image of that coil .
thank you .
now , i &apos;m optimistic , therefore , i think it can follow this way .
if i just show you a new yorker magazine , and i split it out to 10 , compared to me if you only give you a magazine , and divide it out of 20 , you believe that i &apos;ve given you a lot of choice and experiences that if i give you a little bit more than i have .
so i want to give her three basic principles that needed a week .
so , i &apos;m going to go now .
gravity , the  UNK  street police were attacked by the nazis in the lab .
and the interesting thing is that when i teach my students about the history of africa , i told them about slavery .
to do that , i &apos;m going to talk about something that really has nothing to do with technology and computers .
and in the end , he said , &quot; look , don &apos;t you open your entire house and i play a little bit and look at the music and look at it . &quot;
that for people to understand the difference between choices choices have to be able to understand the results of the choice and the results are needed to be obvious , really profound .
and so it gives us a big question .
we &apos;re experiencing the same kinds of things that we have lived the cells that are infected , are changing their genome , replication , replication , sensory information .
this is a problem between liberals and control .
and i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t feel like that . right , two people drink .
what does this mean ?
and of course , the destruction of apartheid gave apartheid discrimination and millions of  UNK  and apartheid .
in this country , i am canada to canada , because of medical medicine can work .
a few minutes later , i phoned up .
instead of only money , what can we help ?
it was astonished me after my writing , a lady who stood up and said , &quot; it &apos;s really tiring to hear what you &apos;re talking about . &quot;
we can get them into doing things that they don &apos;t think they do .
UNK   UNK  , and let &apos;s go home .
and they count the  UNK  in evolution .
the phrase , the years of june is that you with him , now he goes back to him .
and we wanted to begin to this equipment in the world .
this is the work of the great ones at the office buildings in boston .
and they begin to form so special , but there &apos;s no other external spaces in terms of information .
it connects those two people together .
in addition , we are civic citizens .
and i was sitting on the couch , because after she went into a stable state department , she was brought into intensive care , and i hope that she was going to be .
now , of course , but i &apos;m just saying it to you , or to pursue your goals , or continuing .
hold them . it &apos;s kind of  UNK  .
and what we discovered is that there &apos;s a correlation .
this is donna  UNK  from  UNK  ,  UNK  .
if we were arrested , first of me were me and me , and my mom , and she would drink .
whenever you &apos;re watching your e-mail is someone else , you might be your kin or somebody else in front of you , and you can still find a  UNK  device .
today , that number one million .
and my new company was trying to move into the environment by showing me ...
and i think about this .
and some of them that have a particular combination of chemical elements in its properties that makes them to connect with their chemical chemical and  UNK  oil .
all each individual in every generation every single firefly eye .
for example , a few weeks ago recently discovered that  UNK   UNK  , was a  UNK  that was a german worker called the german government to use their citizens .
in other words , &quot; computers , can you make hundreds of millions of  UNK  .
we make life that doesn &apos;t wait for children .
we don &apos;t like this app .
my grandmother is sitting outside of me .
this is the  UNK  of the bay .
the battle doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re not supposed to be cautious ; they &apos;re supposed to do it .
so the western governments are providing governments to use their governments to fight their people .
the question of secret is really interesting .
it knows how we &apos;re holding it .
this is a  UNK  ratio , one of nine people sentenced to be a innocent person .
there &apos;s a lot of fish .
this is the center of information and communication .
because , obviously , a species with a very large number of very , very , very , very , very , very  UNK  , it has become extinct .
i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
walmart : give you 100,000 products .
for instance , here &apos;s a session that we did in the magazine .
but for the african countries in this country is a horrible era .
and i think if someone lied lied , they &apos;re not  UNK  .
in order to make a quick leap , or slower , you just turn this cycle , and you can absorb the speed by changing the speed of simplicity .
we &apos;re trying to help people who convicted convicted .
they sold these tools for egyptians to the olympic medal .
why don &apos;t i ask for guidance ? why are the patient home ?
and i remember , when i was about eight , nine years old , i was in one morning , i was teaching , into the living room and i saw all the lines around the room .
this allows us to start as a living body .
and then i looked at me .
but i &apos;m going to say , i &apos;m a  UNK  , and i i admit that i &apos;ve never had a drink .
the disease diagnosis is not .
occasionally , i went to the side of my life , but it &apos;s hard to get married to me .
we can &apos;t do that without the government , we need it to be more effective .
but in fact , nobody knows in a whole doctor , a good surgeon or a steering wheel .
we have lots of cells that they can &apos;t exist .
thank you .
so we &apos;re all the brain scans , because in a simple way we don &apos;t accept those factors that it &apos;s all mindless .
the white is ben , ben kacyra ben kacyra , but you know what .
when i was a kid , i had a big tripod , rock and  UNK  .
but what they &apos;re really focused on things that things can happen in the society today today .
so you can &apos;t get them wrong .
it &apos;s only supported by somebody else talking about their fallibility .
so i went to  UNK  , and the ambulance gave me home .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m listening . &quot;
how do a judge can make you a person you &apos;re not ?
&quot;  UNK  &quot; max &apos;s black hole is one of the most popular videos videos .
it shows how the government can work more efficient -- unlike unlike private companies , as many people think .
and two days later , i went to the next to the next level , and that was my my time to talk to me in my room .
it &apos;s not like the  UNK  of the 20th century , in this community , that community is how we become part of the phenomenon by spreading or do something new .
so what happens here ?
the next step we look for applications for it .
it &apos;s in where we move forward .
and he talked to the patient with the patient , and i &apos;m pretty sure that you &apos;re going to mess , and i &apos;m not sure enough .
when we create a genuine personality trait we can say things with the world around us , but what they don &apos;t believe is really meaningful .
there &apos;s three  UNK  .
now it &apos;s not those choices that are the choices that any of us have to tell people when you look at financial protection .
this video has almost 50 million views to this year .
we &apos;ll never do that in our countries .
i talk a lot about these issues .
my mother was  UNK  in the house .
we choose to choose whether it &apos;s not even the opposite of things that are good for us .
and the report came to me .
they always worry about their appearance .
we &apos;re doing something similar to the airplane .
i said to the computer , &quot; look . &quot;
so we decided to make a little experiment , and we took the  UNK  for the experiment .
and here you &apos;ll see , with some  UNK  , paper and  UNK  water ,  UNK  did ...
they seem to make the choices , even worse , in health care .
boston is not only a  UNK  .
i went down to my own personality , which was 13 , and 14 , and he was allowed to describe the building as a adults .
her mother was actually the slaves of slaves .
they help us build something larger than ourselves , buildings , bridges , every one of them .
because that &apos;s where the real work is happening .
what i &apos;d like to show you to see is not the detail of the reports , which is the pattern of them .
and at that time , we have sprawling colonies , colony has different types of different cells , working together as a unique organ .
it &apos;s actually a combination of different reality .
another idea that i was when i was a whole bunch of sand could be picked up one thing .
the idea of fireflies , in the glass , don &apos;t know why , always be interesting to me .
this is a conference where you &apos;re talking about the future , and people can notice that the future is still around the year 2000 .
and here &apos;s the point where patients can take control and collect data related to their health , not just to control their own private property , but also helps us in healthcare , because the challenges that we have to deal with healthcare , the first time , and the same thing .
but it &apos;s not going to be allowed to be encouraged to help .
the question is , why would we accept this ?
but when you combine these pictures , this is a very important thing that really must be interested , because if it doesn &apos;t look like that .
this is a dead  UNK  .
and what &apos;s below here is that we call the bureaucratic machine .
he just wanted to see people to see .
if you know anything about the state of state , you &apos;ll know that it &apos;s not normal .
i think we have to do something about a traditional tradition .
no  UNK  , mozart  UNK  . &quot;
they use their hands .
the other thing is that we don &apos;t know all the gas station .
so the system is growing to create an approach to make a sense that we can &apos;t work , and that creates a way that people can &apos;t work and make it , a politician , but where anyone in tracking care systems can only figure out what they can be wrong , and especially as individuals as individuals , and especially as people like me , when we &apos;re making mistakes .
it &apos;s a mindless parachute if you don &apos;t need to die . &quot;
so i feel like our mobile phones , our clocks , and our camera has made us .
and when i walked into the world .
and i think this starts from a doctor , that &apos;s me .
in fact , we all know that the process design process doesn &apos;t be used as it too complex .
and she was always a coward .
so , if you look at the system , as i &apos;ve been taught , and eliminate all the academic choices that are wrong .
and you find that problem when it goes down into the long list of finance .
you can measure it down .
i don &apos;t remember the sea floor to a lot of times , but convicted of the  UNK  of man on the boat , or when the police had been dead and ceases for hours .
i think that our current deficit is absolutely useless , no help .
before i finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
so when i ask you a question that i don &apos;t see , if you want to burn down a little bit of weight , just to raise your hands .
he had a little bit of a little girl , and she was a little bit of a little girl . &quot;
you go into the ear .
but then there &apos;s another phase moment , it &apos;s interesting , when things are completely different , and that &apos;s when these protocells began exchanging exchanging communications and communication .
a couple of weeks ago we took us to risd and gave them a couple of designer that had nothing to experience with just a beer , and the paper -- and told them , &quot; let &apos;s do something . &quot;
somehow we don &apos;t understand , but that little bits learn to learn to information .
for me , the combination of the two things that are really needed .
UNK  .
this is your own backyard .
and then i decided i &apos;m going to go to the end , and i get this difficult response .
because i believe that the key to choose the best word choice is choice in choice .
and you still have a few hours of hours and video games .
in rwanda , even after the genocide of the terrible genocide , has committed to the extent , we haven &apos;t yet yet .
and it &apos;s the threat of terrorism depending on their lives .
that &apos;s our system .
the video of that dark matter is because i didn &apos;t travel bike in bike lanes , but there &apos;s some things that you can &apos;t get to bathe .
now i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds to read it , and i want you to clap if you &apos;re willing to win your request .
all right , a little bit more .
and that is , today &apos;s kids don &apos;t make it .
okay .
in the time we have focused on the big animals at the beach , we focus on the big fish .
for a year we didn &apos;t have a  UNK  .
we &apos;re very poor .
think about a difficult choice : buy a car .
but it &apos;s -- what i do is that i call this code -- the coal code that we use to humanize it -- and i wrote my business on a piece of dna and make it 10 times .
do you know how much do you do a choice in a week ?
is it a little bit about light ?
three  UNK  used to  UNK  many times , and she went around with two friends of mine who were  UNK   UNK  , the  UNK  foundation , on the german poet octavio paz and  UNK   UNK  , a white woman who was  UNK   UNK   UNK  , who was dr.  UNK  .
the water is taken in a lake .
so , my photography feels like a good thing about being true , don &apos;t .
if i go into a room -- like , now , i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about .
so , if technologies grow fast as technologies , because i can call a taxi and  UNK  square to 30 seconds .
it &apos;s a small app that you can locate violence .
and so i had perfect .
who could predict the &quot;  UNK  &quot; or &quot;  UNK  or &quot; or &quot;  UNK  spider . &quot;
and therefore , in a perspective , it &apos;s approaching us .
in south africa , people knew that they can &apos;t tolerate a  UNK  if they don &apos;t commit to the truth and doing it .
any of you may be be appalled by the internet on friday next week .
if you think of the left on the left is  UNK  , and the one on the right is to sing it .
chicago &apos;s software allows people to check the sidewalk when it &apos;s great .
but it &apos;s going to be different , if the government can attack them into the distribution , they are not
&quot; the second thing that she wants to be accomplished . she would always do the right things that would work harder . &quot;
and the silk is  UNK  .
it was a team of citizens who wrote a report of  UNK  pages for a request for the proposal for the financial reform .
it &apos;s the people who can see the protected areas and those who can benefit from the profound understanding that they can tap into their  UNK  .
well , it &apos;s a friday day , yes .
this will be a place where you call  UNK  your city .
they sell them .
i looked through the  UNK  and standing on the other side .
people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to win . &quot;
and if i don &apos;t stand in front of me , but i can still see the people i want to go .
in fact , he gathered the fish .
and so here , every chapter , and every world i became a tiny little piece that i inserted into this blood sensor in a device .
michael porter from the university of science fiction is one of the first person posted a video of this video on twitter .
and she said , &quot; well , surely , you won &apos;t . &quot; i said , &quot; sure . &quot;
and i really think that the most important thing is that we don &apos;t have to hear anymore .
imagine the first piece : a man who stole his career team .
what we do is , they me into the world with a snake snake .
sometimes when i do .
and for two days , three days later , everything was never going to wake up .
i started working with this petition to the title is that the petition tried to help a kid who was a kid who was a kid who was a kid who was a kid who was a kid who was a kid who was like a  UNK  director , like , &quot;
pretty simple .
i have a  UNK  , i &apos;m convinced i &apos;m not really not .
if not , when i asked , and if you answered her , please .
and she was born in the 19th century in virginia .
but we &apos;re taking a very complicated thing , turning it into the whistles , a new category , and shaped the brain in a brain thinking .
for example , we have these guys that we don &apos;t even know what the video started playing with  UNK  as creative tool .
well , good , it &apos;s superstar .
a guy in london &apos;s english , and he said , &quot; oh , today &apos;s a high school . &quot;
at that time ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , it &apos;s not  UNK  , you &apos;re weightless into the ground and water .
there &apos;s been a survey survey with the ceo that we &apos;ve got these ceos with a week .
what about today ? in this sixth ?
and therefore , they also survive , either dead , which means that , if that means that , if it means that , if the public sector is a good bet , all of the individual in the community , from the community to come out of a colony , and they evolved in a positive way .
but you know what ?
they noticed that the city doesn &apos;t remove the guns .
the project that parents are training for school teachers with their children .
this is happening now , and that &apos;s why i think it &apos;s quite gruesome .
the idea of  UNK  is to see it as if the library is developing .
why do i study ?
and for me , that meant a time to think about , to talk about the poor person , to have a difficult situation , for those who don &apos;t have come to ted .
and in fact , sometimes they do it , but we don &apos;t even understand it .
her mother &apos;s  UNK  alone .
if you call the center center of animals , it &apos;s much more money .
sometimes , even though , i heard of hong kong , &quot;  UNK  &quot; and sometimes she  UNK  in the statue : &quot; asia , my home .
third is : remember ?
but the big bang chain of the retail shops in the world today is  UNK  , and it shows just a few species of fish .
and so my suggestion is , this is the only thing that i wanted to give up the mayor of the center to do it , in the context of water .
and the more i say , i &apos;m more places .
i still don &apos;t know what you think about me , but i can get that .
that &apos;s what we did , now i know that it &apos;s the sea .
i &apos;m the people . i made mistakes .
it was a  UNK  response .
so those units started to evolve the evolution of evolution that evolution has happened in a single cell , but on a colony that we call life .
it &apos;s just like this .
and there &apos;s a lot of other projects in every level of the state system .
so by the combination of the colors , the contrast and the other side of the boundaries between the other lines between the other pictures , in addition to the people who are like the depth of the field , the colors and the dust , and we &apos;ve got rid of the the correlation between the different pictures and make it as if they &apos;re like a  UNK  , or the fact that &apos;s actually a picture of the fact that you can sum up with hundreds of layers .
we wanted to make the world of innovation , inventor and innovators , because of the world , where we live , this interaction , our world .
and so i went into , i jumped into this world , to see how i could use it to make a form , it &apos;s not supposed to kill it .
that &apos;s the question we have to worry about 50 years .
we have some good news from italy to the biodiversity of the biodiversity , the size of the city of the country &apos;s largest water fountain .
if the copernican figure out of the materials that doesn &apos;t seem to be able to make sure that the  UNK  of &quot;
my mother was now working with her age as we walked up .
it &apos;s synonymous with interdependence , always  UNK  and  UNK  .
and when i listened to her grandmother &apos;s voice , i could hear the mandarin in both sides that she was beaten by the  UNK  .
it &apos;s not that we need to fight , effort .
and then the woman came to tell their stories about the men who didn &apos;t fit with their life ,  UNK  and  UNK  , and the kids who were between the two worlds .
the stories are becoming getting more .
my name is brian .
about 10 minutes later when judge judge trade .
it &apos;s not just the members of the laws of america , and hundreds of people across all over the country that they should use online criminals in our communities .
it &apos;s going to see if the heart doesn &apos;t work normally , and instead of  UNK  fearing it , a little bit of touch , lung and lung brown , and so on the lung .
i met people from the social class , a lot of people who they work , lived in the boundaries of the opportunity .
i actually learned this from my grandmother .
but one of them , if you &apos;re lucky , there will be two randomly into the position .
there &apos;s an energy source of a  UNK  , a  UNK  , anger .
this is a typical example of what happens when the government does their own people .
we have a generation growing up with the development of the internet , and we know that it &apos;s hard to be able to fit together , you just control the system .
and in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we humans , we know the selection .
and for that , when i was a senior case for the end of the last year , i was a young man .
and i  UNK  myself with that self that i wanted to have to be perfect and never made mistakes , please let &apos;s  UNK  conscience .
in many ways , we &apos;re taught to believe that the real question is , whether people are dying to people that they cause ?
this freezing mountain was actually collected by the fishermen in the times , but they traveled to the places that were never seen before .
by the way , it &apos;s a  UNK  , 10 times 10 times .
last year , we had a team in boston .
it turns out the vertical tape recorders , like this , and now you have a flashlight .
and within a hundred and a half , two hours later , three weeks later .
i personally don &apos;t accept this , that the number of building the modern age of just the professionals , so i decided to change it .
this is a report page that you can actually compare between the power of the  UNK  microprocessor .
&quot; oh , she &apos;s coming back , &quot; it &apos;s true .
because i &apos;m trying to explain people to new people understand how new technologies are going to be , and i think , because i used to be friends here , i &apos;m going to show you what i think about trying to try and trying to figure out and try to figure out what i &apos;m trying to figure out and try and figure out what &apos;s really going on , and it &apos;s trying to understand what &apos;s really happening is that we can actually keep up .
and if you &apos;re good , you &apos;re good , the results can be wonderful , and it &apos;s pretty good .
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .
i &apos;m just talking about a system that supports human support each other .
today , we can do the same dosage and machine .
my  UNK   UNK  around me .
yeah . we make sense , we have to vote .
in fact , the violence rate is still less stable .
i know she went to goodbye to me .
it &apos;s visualizing images , text ,  UNK  , sound , sound .
they &apos;re very much .
they seem to be movement .
and i asked to get the water to get the patient and remember her colleagues through him .
it &apos;s a government like a sea , political and political system is a fifth layer of six feet above the surface .
you know , eventually we have to believe in what we &apos;ve never seen before .
and she has no spoken word poetry and  UNK  .
but for many years they were helped .
i had spent a long time in prison , and lived in prison prison .
what they needed is a culture that we need to identify .
adults are all kinds of adults .
the problem is : if i can &apos;t tell you about my fallibility , if i let me lose a little girl girl &apos;s voice i can tell me what &apos;s really going to happen , how do i split with her colleagues ?
the process of change slows , it &apos;s rapidly changing .
and when i heard her poetry , she came out  UNK  .
and when i was 14 , 15 years old , he went home , and i went home , and i was a little bit of beer , i didn &apos;t know he had it from him , and he took him from my head , and he took him from my head and took her back into the forest .
i &apos;m going to give you an example of what i &apos;m talking about .
lego has taken out of concrete , but the building blocks , the building blocks , and making it into the bricks of the imagination .
i was scared i went to  UNK  .
it &apos;s a  UNK  shrimp .
i went and started treatment for her .
that &apos;s a cockroach that connects the iphone or something else .
how do i teach them what i did they do it ?
this sea is flooded in this case , or the soft radiation become a mess of chaos .
and just the point of other people &apos;s mistake . it &apos;s not a &quot; reply , &quot; but it doesn &apos;t work for a person , their way to make better people .
but what is the secret to do it look like ?
and if people look at how exquisite chemistry are formed , we begin to understand how they form .
as you can see here , these pictures have none of something special .
UNK  is an mr company from the netherlands -- or at least they used to be .
but what are we doing with it ?
the hurdy-gurdy came from around the world .
the foreign judge was a grownup , but i found him still a kid .
and just working in the cultural culture that that the system is controlled by the people , and when people control systems , they will have the wrong force .
how could it be looking for help conditions like this ?
i have a very complicated thought , mess , and ambiguity in mind .
now this is the fungus in the  UNK  .
he took a beer beer , giving me a hug for me and sister and gave me a hug for me .
and we are at the same time in the process of the same as the living organism can be  UNK  .
people told us that as usual , to build a piece that would take at least two years and spend two billion dollars .
we are  UNK  , and we can almost understand what we &apos;re building .
for example , we &apos;re going to spend a million dollars promoting that 27 percent reduction in five years .
and i said , &quot; no , no , no . no . she won &apos;t drink a beer . &quot;
so we have a chance to change this .
i really think in a lot of places where the poor is the justice .
if it &apos;s true , it means we &apos;re in the middle of the presence .
i &apos;m showing the petition that there &apos;s a  UNK  in the , the behavior of police and police departments .
well ,  UNK  , judge forer .
by the way , in fact , i think a huge problem in the last 10 years is that these little boys have been buried in the room , to hit the computer screen , they don &apos;t go out there .
failure will be easy .
and that was true . a page of mine .
we don &apos;t waste conflict .
maybe  UNK  concrete has become the building blocks of our  UNK  .
what is the new state of the world is going to me ?
i &apos;ve been wondering , waiting for my security system .
those who went to me and said to me , &quot; you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you have speeches , but talk to tell people , don &apos;t tell us , you know , don &apos;t tell us
but at the time there &apos;s the nearest  UNK  drone can help this patient ?
a long wave worker , i had to wait for the next six years .
we wanted to integrate all sorts of interaction in the world to &quot;  UNK  &quot; can be easily easy .
we &apos;re going to spend a moment to talk about how video games are being used in a brief time , and then the reason why this is why .
and i &apos;m here tonight , and then i listened to this occasion .
but at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
the first story about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
it &apos;s not a problem .
in fact , our genes , there &apos;s exactly the same rules , and there &apos;s a kind of  UNK  mechanism .
i want to call you to something .
and then it &apos;s a worldwide map .
and these bees seem to be comfortable with that .
i once , and i listened to them , and they said after a few hours , and the morning came back and said , &quot; well , let me tell me about a  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
i don &apos;t say , because i think i &apos;m doing it right , it &apos;s morality ; i want to talk about the power of human psyche .
and my doctor &apos;s going to try this data , so he can see the problems associated with me , not just right at the point where i needed to support other , or something like that .
everybody in the italian case of laughter , but medical devices are more specifically because we met patients .
now i &apos;m going to announce that you have to be able to have a lot of challenges , when we don &apos;t pay attention .
and here &apos;s what we did , we used &quot; the &quot;  UNK  &quot;
so , apply this story into the medical world of a more difficult subject to me , but perhaps a little bit of what i &apos;m going to talk to you .
and these pictures are completely made by these pictures .
when she was she said , she went to a  UNK  in a cage where she told me , &quot; no , it &apos;s not about or not . &quot; don &apos;t work . &quot;
in the next report , she said , &quot; i &apos;m walking in the area , you see a deep egg behind .
so we started .
and we think that this is one of the main reasons why it &apos;s not all -- but most of all the projects that are failed , since we &apos;re not listening .
and i &apos;m really scared of you , as you can see .
i &apos;m going to start by giving up a complete fanciful review presentation .
and what &apos;s interesting is that this report , it &apos;s like a lot of white speech reports that are familiar with us , is a  UNK  in a  UNK  curve .
i lived in two different worlds .
&quot; she thinks you &apos;re a kid . &quot;
these kinds of things they don &apos;t get used , they &apos;re tired , because they died .
and i collected a small team with us , &quot; which is not a compelling challenge .
at a few moments , a little piece of all the lights down to me -- and the ipad , you know , little gps -- the letter sent me to address my address .
and i found that i became a digital number .
and they will shine you through the rest of the book .
at the end of the process , i &apos;m going to have a perfect guarantee for the numbers .
i learned something very simple things to do my job .
that &apos;s survival that all of us are engaged in the presence of people .
it &apos;s entertainment .
and in fact , there &apos;s only a very small ratio , getting a lot of views , and become a culture of culture .
the great migration of this led to the top of the number of kids , and they actually have a very severe setback , they earn more than the average income in ghana .
and they don &apos;t tell us a lot .
and the next stages , like neuroscience and brain , takes a few hundred million years .
now i &apos;ve gone out of your safety safety enough to know , well , the world can collapse , but don &apos;t .
thank you very much .
three women , but it also came together .
they like to make a sacrifice choice , when it comes to the best interest for themselves .
in number of people who just saw six nuts , suddenly , when we saw 30 percent of those bottles bought a bottle bottle .
now , if you can get higher .
and lastly i ended up off the car , money into the tribunal .
because this rapid process seems to be difficult to know where we are in the middle of the process .
and these are the neurological structures .
so the things that made you in real life , i think , is that we &apos;ve never been thinking about , things things around us daily life .
and this boat here is pretty bad , called  UNK  four .
we have to increase that complexity .
i learned that in the class of the beginning of the beginning and the work of her life , each branch of the  UNK  artery from the aorta , coronary illnesses , the rare and inherited .
they use their hands to write their tools to help better work better .
thank you .
my mother worked in the farm , and then in the production of the production , for weeks later , two weeks .
this is the shop with  UNK  .
they &apos;re getting better off because they &apos;re missing them .
we worked at night .
and we lost our control over the edges of the punishment .
at that time , when we eat , we wanted us to walk into one stride , and liftoff with the sky .
what about the arab spring , and what did happen in egypt ?
and that &apos;s where i know it .
and whether we believe believe , in a future of the future , a government that we have in the next 50 years ?
and so what i &apos;m going to ask , what i &apos;m still asking yourself , is the new state of the world that exist ?
they &apos;re very crisp and  UNK  .
go ahead and start to invent .
when i started this program , i don &apos;t know about the government .
but then what happens is that these organisms should be , of course , in the communication of communication .
they had to chase the launch of their last year because their network network were destroyed .
they were driven for other purposes -- the government , government , and sometimes sometimes it .
now , who &apos;s ready for this ?
you have over 60 million decisions , to finish your car .
some of my work happened in the last five years .
let me generalize .
and my brother said , &quot; okay , we do this today , and i always do what you do and girls . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s the daughter of her grandmother , and the promise that would be caring for me . &quot;
because it &apos;s something about giving that something that has been lost .
UNK   UNK  , a great poet of  UNK  , said about this .
in the future , most of migration will happen in the world .
my grandfather was in the age of 1,600 brown and sold wine .
i don &apos;t believe that .
with her mom , her team was the only mission mission to keep family fled and began a new lives in australia .
i remember it yesterday .
there &apos;s something that is heretical here .
we told her stories and we had to be on the third side .
in my panic , not only wrote it , but i also sent it to the supreme court .
and we know that it doesn &apos;t matter how to think about 30 , 50 years later , because it &apos;s all very different things that will make a very simple way that we &apos;re doing today is not going to .
and they all connected us into a broader community faster and we have evolved better than us before .
but it &apos;s a matter of whether it &apos;s a private or a group of people who have created a single opinion , and they share share with a more audience , to make the process of it .
thank you very much .
and while we still believe the state right now , right here , in this year , in the 2011 that every single that we have lost is because of the better things .
i remember that day , just like this happened .
love , creativity , creativity .
see what &apos;s happening is happening in the world , we can categorize the  UNK  effect on the attacks .
and so , i think this image has its meaning if people look at it for a few billion years .
and you have damage damage and never again .
i think i &apos;ll hear more hours .
instead , what i did was the same thing that the creators were doing in the corporations that were thinking that we think about the extent of the filter , and that filter that into the machine and that filter that into the machines that we could make , more cheaply and faster .
one of the works in the book is that you were messing sending a journey journey that you had to go out of the camera and take pictures of different objects .
and so , it &apos;s a big role to the sea .
i mean , as it mentioned , one of the largest stars in the world , justin bieber , start youtube .
what can we help you ? &quot;
and in other , another nurse , not the taliban worker  UNK  before , but one another nurse , told me that she was three letters that most of my doctors told me .
and i would understand and believe that each of us is better than we ever did .
and the next process , like electricity , seems to be just a few decades .
a large part of the large undertaking is growing up of this species to the 1980s .
country 1 , it has a lot more than 40 years ago .
i know that this talk will be transmitted .
i &apos;m a  UNK  illustrator to three  UNK  .
and yet , we &apos;re also talking about the need to hope more to hope more and more to the basic challenges in life , in this complex world .
alfred  UNK  .
but the current policy is that information that they &apos;re not touched .
they learn how to store information information is a  UNK  chemical dna .
i was a mission to work in a heart attack .
i &apos;m going to focus on a number that i hope you &apos;ve heard about .
well , this is not okay , right ?
but the point is , we still see the galapagos .
it &apos;s like a concrete bricks , which allows you to create more meaningful patterns and more complex , every single one .
as some of you know that i have over 12,000 people who are tracking in twitter .
and scientists have created all the different tasks that they were interviewing , and they spend a lot of time to do that decision to make decisions .
i &apos;m not talking about the phone and work that i have to do , is called the doctor physician and  UNK  for him to feed the patient .
my mother had a computer set of computer science and vet a different business .
it has a hole in the middle order to turn off .
i &apos;m going to show you some of the cases that i did .
in the next book , we plan to have an interactive activity that you interact with the video game and through technology and augmented reality , you see that this  UNK  pattern on the outside outside your house .
but with mobile phones , we can bring them out , into the natural world .
and there are hundreds of them .
i always tried to investigate them and show you how it works .
i went there because i grew up in europe , and i would argue that later i would work in africa .
and we had this idea that if we had proactive people out of the medicine , the left , simply a safety system .
you close to the blue bar , you can make the quad .
and the dynamics of this material is very simple and understandable .
for example , if you live in the california , california , there &apos;s a  UNK  referendum here , we &apos;re trying to redesign into a  UNK  .
in other words , i &apos;m guessing what i wanted .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people who lived from prison .
so he helped us to examine the lights .
wooo !
this is a small app .
and you can talk about a lot of things that are happening in the world .
somebody has gone into the system and destroyed it .
and therefore , human beings are essential to defend censorship .
the green is the blue line , the sea sea is  UNK  , pink is orange and orange .
three of you have a trait that you would always want to be close .
so we have three groups of  UNK  :  UNK  criminals , like  UNK  , like  UNK  , and  UNK  our government , government government .
you have to stop antibiotics and  UNK  after a few days .
after three months in refugee camp , we went to school .
and i was wondering .
we don &apos;t know a lot about it .
but it ends up until how we translate the world and how to recognize it on a two-dimensional surface .
and the more we have better in the choice we can better be doing in doing art .
friday , friday . the cheese is friday . friday , friday . friday , friday , friday , six meters on the friday that you don &apos;t think we &apos;re talking about today is that you &apos;re talking about today , i hope that .
and i think that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here , in the explosion of this curve .
each generation would use the images that they had from the original idea of life as a criteria , and it would be .
and so when i saw the ipad , i saw it was a kind of storytelling that i could relate to audiences all over the world .
and i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
my third joke : that &apos;s when i was a participant , i put it on a  UNK  ,  UNK  fiddling on the boat in tahrir street .
could i be able to wait for one of my life in a life , a  UNK  in every corner of life ,  UNK  to  UNK  , &quot; zero tolerance ?
so in fact , i &apos;m going to go and  UNK   UNK  , which is an interactive application app for the ipad .
it &apos;s all important choice .
he just walked away .
that &apos;s why i want to talk about the power of conscience .
in egypt , when the israeli  UNK  of the police officers in egypt in june 2011 , they discovered a lot of documents .
thank you .
he &apos;s &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
i &apos;ve never met him outside .
and it was time when she was  UNK  my grandmother , put my hand on my hand and said , &quot; so you should be courageous , courageous and courageous . &quot;
are we going to get things that we need to do without expecting our representatives to all of us ?
we were all of our colleagues everywhere around the world , the universities , to help us search , working and work as a data center for information about the world around the world .
so , for example , the antibiotic of antibiotic are made .
we have worked harder to talk about race race , we believe that , because we &apos;re not willing to ignore the aesthetic and reconciliation .
who &apos;s interested in information ?
in that , there &apos;s a document called &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
so , we made a app on a  UNK  app for augmented reality to find these  UNK  devices .
this is an example of the project that they did , the gun you activate the movement .
and after about nine days , they took three steps -- she  UNK  , her mother , and her grandmother .
i went to the lab .
bjorn  UNK  .
and as it turns out , he &apos;s not  UNK  .
for those who don &apos;t engineer ,  UNK  has become a different form of electronic material , which has become a new material .
how do you do it ? &quot;
the slope of the  UNK  .
and i don &apos;t have a nuclear or  UNK  , i mean the type of color , but the idea that we all know when we are .
now , i talked a lot about magic .
so how does this happen ?
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to be able to build beautiful , but beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
what can &apos;t you do that ? because they don &apos;t have access access to the people in the west ?
&quot; well , we &apos;re trying to change inequality .
and it creates these cells -- doing these cells have one billion dollars .
50 percent of the ceo of 15 percent , or less .
i mean , it &apos;s incredible !
but it has a no-brainer  UNK  .
and brendan percent of the protesters are not being arrested .
in both cases , i don &apos;t wait for patients , and i don &apos;t think of care what it is .
and despite that , it &apos;s abnormal flexibility .
and that &apos;s what i found .
humans should think that affects how people are inevitably in the society , &quot; the killing , &quot; they kill animals and they don &apos;t know what they did .
&quot; when we were in eastern europe , we deal with our cooperation , and we wanted to be all the things that we need to believe is a belief that we need to be trusted , and a willingness to fight , and sometimes become a penguin . &quot;
tan le , the anonymous people in the highlands , who is the end of their age , the refugees and social activities , invited to speak in places where you have never seen anything that has ever imagined .
my mother never accept was that the mother would not succeed .
with  UNK  information , the same amount of choice .
this is also a typical example of the public government .
if there &apos;s a resource in our family , we passed through women .
and the oil droplet is like starting to divide and divide .
many communities were terrified .
eight years ago when i was in the tradition of the media lab , i discovered that idea was to be able to deliver the engineer to artists and designer .
maybe i have the right reason .
but the western government did it in their country .
in both cases , patients are operated surgery .
the key thing is that the bottom line is towed on the way back then back again .
and that creates a social network around the digital collection that you photograph .
so this is the open project .
for instance , the fish were caught in the voyage .
so i started talking .
at the end , if you think about &quot;  UNK  , &quot; if you think about how it works -- how to show the story -- what happened to the story -- what happened to me .
for those of the people who have a choice more engagement , more and more people are engaged to avoid  UNK  .
the species said , it &apos;s not what you do is the bad guys , but he &apos;s the bad guys .
let me show you a simple example .
and not even like a brand company , but the internet is better .
ah ,  UNK  . look , and many websites pop online dating writing .
the next process , like languages , the same thing for less than a million years .
and she led me out of the room , came back to the house and said , &quot; hey , hey , you &apos;ll tell you to the things that don &apos;t tell us . &quot;
i told my mom couldn &apos;t do it .
this is happening to us today .
because that &apos;s what you do when you &apos;re a polar hall in the polar jungle .
i &apos;m here to share my photography style .
he &apos;s just hitting it .
at the end , you want to maintain the kids .
it &apos;s a piece of a piece .
some of bacteria have found bacteria , and it &apos;s spread around the exchange of their dna information , and today that we have a lot of bacteria that has prevented resistant , because bacterial bacteria have dna . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em
these images are so compelling , because of this rapid rate .
we even have it in the phone .
and there was a night , and i was very late , and started thinking , if the judge could make it possible .
why would people use a better chance to 30 percent when they use their hand or so compared to credit cards ?
we like to make innovation .
now i work in the solar industry .
you know , it &apos;s  UNK  , right ?
just sharing that experience with others .
that &apos;s what we did , we didn &apos;t find the words for it .
according to estimate estimates , there are 400 billion of these three bricks that are built -- or 75 people per person on earth .
but it did something that does not a government .
if you &apos;re a doctor , you can do some good things , but if you &apos;re a doctor , you can make lots of good things .
here &apos;s an example .
every time you do it , you have to put it for it , and he renamed his first letter to al .
and you know the patient , you &apos;ll be able to add information about three .
and it &apos;s not because my coach ; ; he &apos;s easy .
my hobby of photography was beginning when i had a new camera in the 15 .
by measuring that proverbial amount of gravity , and by the more people who are willing to save them , or less money they &apos;re saving saving over 40 percent .
and a map opens up .
there &apos;s a huge community of people who build build tools to allow us to work together .
a few years ago i started developing  UNK  .
thank you very much to ted . thank you .
and he &apos;s only and a bunch of visitors travel on every day , the camera goes back to each other .
this is my  UNK  . it &apos;s a very simple device .
all of us , or at least most of us are using  UNK  or another app app , and those services that are common common in the united states like iran , where governments are going to use the services that are known that they &apos;re  UNK  trustworthy , and it &apos;s also constrained by the way that governments can &apos;t be trusted .
but the first concrete concrete was made in 1948 with the very simple idea : simple laws with carcinogens .
and i noticed that it would be easier to even create the context than finding the context , because then you didn &apos;t need to rearrange the ideas in the mind .
if i &apos;m a  UNK   UNK  , i can make it like a virus , and puts it into this room .
pay attention to the community .
we &apos;re on this stage in the process of the state of the world &apos;s survival state that i exist in the world .
and these two pictures are also identical to the two conditions -- being photographed at the same level , and at the same kind of light .
but it &apos;s not all about the kind of mouse mouse .
so now , what i do is designing with the complexity of complexity seems to design them in a traditional way .
and that premise that seems to me for a while until i met her three  UNK  .
one of the things that we do at the university of university is a  UNK  .
in the 1980s of the u.k. in england , if you owned a typewriter , you have to register it to the government .
i had a very privileged privilege , when i was a murderer , i met the  UNK  .
in 2010 , video has 4,000 23 .
and i want to tell you that the worst mistake that i just did in my first decade , as many of my colleagues said , all blinking .
you heard that before , but that &apos;s not the right thing that it is less .
the neurons are sensory information that the cell population should be .
when i was a kid , when i looked at her three and she would hug me .
the early warning i was remembered from the boat -- the engine , the money , the bed net off the corner of the river .
innovation , creativity , and development is not only from our own ideas .
we say those words with opinions .
and yes , my mother has shown here in the fourth or a year .
&quot; because the light has indicated , she said .
the fear and the politics of politics has made us believe that this is not , and the problem that we have to miss .
they travel from a higher choice , they &apos;re stuck there .
two times in an emergency room , i don &apos;t have anthrax .
therefore , the tendency tends to be much longer .
in this material , these quads from a company company in india , who sold for egyptians for a lot of high-tech tools to be able to hear on a huge scale of communication and communications .
and the best clinical trials with the results .
do you want their kids to cross their boats ?
we have to invest in the framework of government .
even though i could get myself in there .
no one knows where there &apos;s the nearest  UNK  drone to save lives lives .
in our country , in the united states alone , people still have food that you must be accused of  UNK  away from san suu kyi , if the victim is the black and white , if the greenland is the black ones who are poor black workers who are terrorists .
and so that idea could be explained within a minute , i &apos;ll tell you three stories to fill into time .
i started thinking , how could this happen ?
there &apos;s a political curiosity .
like many people , i think the basic government is just about people to vote .
now , it &apos;s almost like a park park .
these companies can be service providers or services , for example , just to make sure that the devices are sent to information about it .
and she said , &quot; so what are you going to do ? &quot;
we &apos;re using these programs to create better lengths to make that we can make progress faster .
i grew up in a house , a native american family , and the  UNK  regime , and i was a  UNK  .
so it &apos;s actually the idea that the idea more than having a moment .
these guys have stood up and said .
so he did a job that any programmer who would have to be an app .
three months later on the location and moved back .
and one of the most unexpected things that i noticed in the period of time i went to here is that ted has a friend of mine .
it &apos;s not a politics , but the bureaucratic system .
but the key thing here is that creativity is inspired by the culture of this .
in the world , i was in the inner famine , damaged damage , violence and  UNK  .
we &apos;re approaching , we &apos;re moving towards a world where the natural power to come up with technology , and magic and technology can be closer together .
well , he was a lot of videos about nature .
a thousand , wonderful .
the book is called &quot; the &quot; is &quot; to be released , and it &apos;s basically talking about statistics and use data to build a catcher &apos;s mitt .
the detailing is surrounded by the trees you can see , some of the trees .
so you &apos;ve heard about it , you see your wish to the audience , the ted community to help me on your way and do something for this problem .
this program is called the market for software and this program is kind of peace  UNK  for the computer .
and so you have to make wind and wind and reading the rest of the book .
there &apos;s a completely gratuitous terror .
next , if you can flip this report .
we &apos;re just -- we can ignore -- i &apos;m going to ignore the video so ...
each of them used to be used and to learn english , and each other is made out of whether it doesn &apos;t matter whether or not loans , often it &apos;s a new clothes ; it &apos;s time .
occasionally , when i lost my balance , i &apos;m going to finish with this story .
trying to stop the children who were convicted of their life without a  UNK  .
UNK  is a company service provider .
so , one day , i decided to give up the management manager , and i said , &quot; how do you make these people who have this work ? &quot;
let &apos;s talk to al .
&quot; do you remember a patient &apos;s heart attack ? &quot;
and what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
he walked into the room and sat next to me , very close to the attorney .
but the more important thing is that it &apos;s only a new way to solve the problem of government -- not the problem of government -- but the problem of a collective system .
the purpose of this is to get the government to be able to know the origin of documents .
this is a short video shows showing what we &apos;re doing .
he &apos;s missing a disease that could be sleep-deprived .
last year , we had a team of three people who worked in a  UNK  project in boston .
they &apos;re looking out of wealth from the web , through illegal situations , like illegal constructions to use  UNK  banks to protect our account when we make purchases online criminals or with the software that shows how we can do online purchases when we  UNK  online criminals .
when i was a graduate student from stanford , i used a lot of  UNK  grocery stores , and i was really quite rich .
india &apos;s in the united states are not determined .
so the first commandment is that combination of these guys should have them .
in the age of 17 years old , she became a  UNK  of  UNK  ,  UNK  him .
the second story , is to aim for one another phenomenon called the  UNK  of the pink .
i &apos;m not supposed to say .
and in fact , i made a character in the book .
after two years , i learned a very special conclusion with local authorities , about  UNK  rats .
it &apos;s a particularly interesting format that i &apos;m still using a lot of innovation .
and just a few short couple of years , the lego bricks took place at home .
and sometimes you go to ted , it &apos;s meaningful and power for you , if you don &apos;t get it .
and a hour after after about her home , after i gave her home home , her brothers and her family  UNK  the village and she brought her back to the emergency room and her father would come back into the emergency room and she was just 50 , in the  UNK  .
and you think you &apos;re coming in order to chase the mountain , but not .
she was completely eradicated .
he was the poet , the playwright , a guy whose life on the  UNK  of the only hope that he was independent .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
and the problem is that .
there &apos;s a projection between technology and design allows us to be human beings , when we really want to notice that the correlation between the poverty , no one for the rights and injustice .
now if i look at these programs , i can &apos;t tell people what they work .
the telephone , computer phones ,  UNK  , cd and lots of other things are the devices that we create in society to work with information .
transistors is a electronics of electronics that will take us from the world from the  UNK  of the  UNK  lamps that each other is connected .
you shine , sound , solar cells , the engine -- everything is accessible .
i &apos;m not  UNK  ; it &apos;s not me ; i &apos;m a  UNK  .
so an app is built in the next few days , and it &apos;s a recipe for the construction system .
and that &apos;s the actual use .
well , i didn &apos;t learned this when i was a lawyer or my work done through my work .
it became the gateway to a world filled with  UNK  and  UNK  and images of my imagination .
now there &apos;s a project in california , california used to spend two billion dollars , which is still ineffective .
now i &apos;m going to show you more .
they could take the opinions on any of their brain , and they &apos;re still doing it .
in a few moments in the book , it &apos;s going to show you the secret in it .
UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  .
the little thing we added this is that we asked people to think about what positive things would happen in their future if they save more .
now you don &apos;t matter whether you buy a mac , maybe better than for us , at least , we &apos;re going to be better for the rest of us , on the fact that we &apos;re running out that the risks are influencing in influencing our decisions .
a set of dna structure is an interesting step .
they heard their internet .
we see this , but we don &apos;t want to talk about your own problems .
and of course , the  UNK   UNK  won &apos;t have access to numbers , so , none of the brain will actually make the task .
first : cuts .
perhaps most of the most of these two health and members of them came last year .
a lack of sleep deprivation .
and before i come , i started parikrma the people and they were expecting us about depression , about the poor , and the injustice of injustice .
then one day -- this is actually the report -- there &apos;s something that happens : &quot; a  UNK  mouse in the trash . it doesn &apos;t know it  UNK  .
if everybody comes back to the past five billion years ago , the whole planet has ever made this like this , with the same rocks that has a lot of chemical notation in its head around it .
now i design the computer to earn money , and i know that the device i used to design computers can &apos;t use if they don &apos;t have access to the computer industry .
i have now a new generation show being produced by the combination of programs that perform a better job .
we &apos;re actually working with lawsuits .
why do we have to paint the solar system ?
if we want the government to work for us , we have to make that system that &apos;s kind of gravity .
when r &amp; amp ; it &apos;s about 10 percent of the list that they find the rise on the profits on the top of the cocoa , and the cost of cost .
we transform the world , but we don &apos;t remember this .
most people understand that , but they think that this is a pattern .
that &apos;s what happens .
what would you say to somebody who believe you ?
one thing called &quot; the other one is called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
and the emergency room run everywhere .
one of the things that we need to think about government is that it &apos;s not like the politics .
so if you look closely closer , the plans that fund you for two billion dollars to participate in the middle of the years , it &apos;s not like us .
thank you very much .
in another chapter , you have to photograph a piece of bag and  UNK  it .
she has to do something about breastfeeding .
just because they don &apos;t know it &apos;s different .
another way to think about this is not whether or not whether we have employees to kill them ?
and so this approach is better than anything we do innovative .
it &apos;s a system in two villages -- principled things and the people who don &apos;t work , the doctors who are not committed to sleep , and the person who has the very happy ending .
and he &apos;s getting closer and hug me .
we &apos;ve all heard about the pilots , we &apos;ve all heard about the stories , but there &apos;s no loo in india , you know , india , india ?
this is a logical question .
their rights must have to argue .
we &apos;re seeing this process from driving itself .
i lived at a polar ice , which is like the states that would actually protect your vote if you commit crime .
at first , i thought we were playing a game .
and she said , &quot; how do you do ? raise your billion . &quot;
we talk about  UNK  -- nothing has changed from india .
somebody has created a old version .
now the patient is  UNK  , and he asks him , and he added a second and he grabs his second and his nose into his breath , and suddenly i had a horrible .
the landscape is happening . we can all feel it .
and she sat down , look at me and she said , &quot; she wants to know that she was still alive . &quot;
and the family came together .
and one of the things that we made me share with you a little video .
now if i talk about cities , for example , another technology , could be  UNK  , on a  UNK  curve , it will be absurd , like a straight line .
the united states is the only national country in the world to a child mortality .
the third technology :  UNK  .
instead of the programming , says , let &apos;s say , you know ,  UNK  enables you to code by simple imagery .
it &apos;s about 200 million views .
what we did was to put into a transplant procedure that occurs in the progression of time .
i was interested in this shop , but naturally , i used to ask myself , how do you come and buy ?
they have more than different varieties of olive oil , including the species in their own  UNK  , they made from plants .
and that shows that it &apos;s clear , the more it becomes a effective tool to help people save more .
there &apos;s a half of customers on the lower option , the four engine engine is then a higher choice , 56 steps .
so they &apos;re not considered as a huge loss .
not so i &apos;m talking about the definition of technology system .
from criminals are carrying online criminals .
so let &apos;s help us do this , and not only better health and better control .
for example , 300 thousand square meters .
and there &apos;s no conflict in the history of development development transition in terms of how to change the number of innovation .
he said , &quot; she said to all my grandchildren that they were special . &quot;
do you know a player with a little bit of paradise , and what &apos;s a big bubble bubble is called ?
we also brought to teach the design schools .
i started getting a little bit more .
it &apos;s not really what it is , it &apos;s what we think it is .
but today , at the moment of this year in 2011 , if you bought a  UNK  from a computer where you see , and if you tried to print out a piece of paper that would have a yellow piece of paper that would be tossed on a piece of paper , all the paper forms that you have in the random piece of information , and from that piece of paper that would flow back from your desktop and your printer .
my mother told us her hands .
and i &apos;ll never forget it .
56 percent of the  UNK  don &apos;t heal .
in the united states , the medicine is determined .
i went into the car and went to the court .
these colony cells , again , begins to information .
but i remember him coming from the beach outside the coast coast , and a young man had fled russia , the the end of the journey was  UNK  , and the first created i was thrown , and through the first one i was thrown out , through which i was thrown out , through which i was thrown out , through which i had thrown overboard , through which i had thrown overboard , through which i had thrown overboard , through which i had thrown overboard , through which i had thrown overboard , through which
it &apos;s linked to passion about my paintings , but there &apos;s a little bit , because using a camera , the process of a project .
for instance , the  UNK  story that a few of people have heard about the captain noticed a lot of fish in this region couldn &apos;t eat whether or not being used by a scientist or  UNK  , because it didn &apos;t bring any science .
but what this device is simply whenever whenever i don &apos;t shave , it &apos;s all of my data through google .
my story starts right here , in fact , about two years ago .
UNK  anderson ,  UNK   UNK  and so forth .
and luckily were the patient .
the next day , i woke up , and i thought , i would dream about a crazy petition or i really did it ?
and yet , if you look at this problem , it &apos;s like , &quot; ok , sounds ominous , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because i &apos;m a  UNK  citizen .
but it really requires a lot of plans .
you just lose the animals .
i use it to do the survey , the southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern southern of southern scotland , and especially extraordinary .
right now , there is a 34 percent of men who are born to the election .
but i &apos;m afraid of  UNK  , my life is comfortable , the ownership of ownership .
we are bringing our kids and we &apos;re closer close to the natural world and the magic and joy and joy that we have a very simple vehicle is a story .
because it &apos;s not a bit of money .
but they don &apos;t have any impact on earth as a loss .
now there &apos;s a lot of people suffering in government .
in the potential capabilities , the earth and technology , a lot of other possibilities .
so you don &apos;t lose the animals with the numbers .
last few months , i seem to forget about this .
when the person is helping people , our communities become larger .
but it doesn &apos;t have us that we have something that we need to pay attention to us , and then we make ourselves .
the expansion needs to say something that i &apos;m not supposed to be a choice .
she goes back and death .
the next piece of piece is that the boat is a  UNK  in  UNK  .
i used to be in a dinner with a  UNK  with a  UNK  , and he presses out and said , &quot; oh , look , look .
and we all feel some of our own culture pop culture .
it looks like a search for a dating , but it &apos;s actually waiting for somebody , because he knows that he &apos;s not good at the fire when you were in  UNK  .
now that &apos;s two different types .
her grandmother &apos;s day after she was born .
my mother was nightmare in the boat .
because of the mangrove landscape is that we are actually losing the past .
i went through the emergency room on the driveway .
but they work done .
in the next 20 years , i &apos;ve been talking about regenerative medicine , i &apos;ve studied research and work in medicine to learn every single thing to learn everything , from one of the first letters that i wrote about , &quot; one of the first letters i wrote to toronto to toronto , &quot; the &quot; dark show &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
they were there in the dark ages .
i feel like anybody can do that .
this is kind of shame .
well , how many times we manage our electoral leaders -- and we often spend a lot of energy to go into a political leadership -- and then we sit back and hope that the government will reflect our values and sacrifice our need , but isn &apos;t it ?
because , perhaps , this is a photography that you can &apos;t carrying a camera .
over the past decade we &apos;ve seen three things negative negative when we give people a lot of choice .
he was his grandfather .
and so , that &apos;s a simple question .
i &apos;m just showing it the puzzle of reality where you can take the different parts of that reality and aluminum them together to make a point .
at the top school , you also have a class where i &apos;m going to check that they &apos;re paving , you know .
she has this flag on her hands , she has a series of success .
and within eight or nine days later , they gave their fate .
reducing 250,000 people were displaced .
would you like to hear ? &quot;
in other words , every single one here represents a level in a  UNK  .
in the u.n. plans for 60 financial funding financial equipment has dropped about one of those sources .
27 years after i went back , the size of this fish just dropped .
and every time it goes , it doesn &apos;t divide them into chemical elements .
this is the mother of their voice to fight for rights .
but every time , they all  UNK  me , i looked at me .
i was three meals . i &apos;m a drug to reduce the activity of heart .
instead of giving them the third world , we put them into the city of the city .
there has been an impact on the planet .
like here , we have 18,000  UNK  to come from kiev , d.c. .
trying to cope with suspicion and discrimination in the way in the world .
they want to tell their story . they want to split their story .
and in fact , in the west can &apos;t understand why it &apos;s true , but it can be true , but the way it is the enemy of the freedom of speech .
and those choices made the amount of choices they make decisions .
we &apos;re watching a few interesting improvements in their work .
i don &apos;t know that all of the transistor sticks in the connections .
these apps helps us help us .
they even even use tools like  UNK   UNK  to put your computer , and from that they can get your e-mail , you get every conversation through your online , and you get your password .
al is a high school in boston .
when i want to put numbers , a simple example that i did .
there &apos;s a whole brain . there &apos;s brain maps , but these maps are .
but these  UNK  bricks are tagged by blood .
and in fact , we &apos;re an embryonic stem cells .
but now , the video video has done it to any of us or any of products that we can make a complete complete in the culture of the world .
and i made the babies for a forceful .
and so forth .
we made a couple of candidates that year 2000 , they would work with the city of the city .
and who can predict anything about this ?
when they faced their issues , they may not be interested in their voices .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you can actually get fungi , but i always want it to be like in a way , like this is a picture .
this is their  UNK  oil .
and she said , &quot; you just have a promise with three three things ,  UNK  . &quot;
i was in 1875 for years old .
the patient has sex .
even in seven days , every day there was a video video .
now the question i want to ask is , if you look at these  UNK  curves , they don &apos;t get up forever .
in fact , i made false mistakes .
because all this technology comes from itself .
oh , why not ?
but on the  UNK   UNK  , everything is  UNK  , to all can see .
the only thing i was finished was that i had changed the marathon that information was in .
even the cat are also watching this video .
good . people are willing to get a request of gary .
i want to talk about problems and problems .
completely amazing and humor , rao  UNK  explained his idea and his idea for five million views .
last week , in a meeting with a dutch commander with the netherlands , i had a question for a leader , whether if he finds a sense , if somebody dared to die from being attacked .
we know exactly what cattle do in these  UNK  cities .
however , think about them in a way to interact with our own lives .
and i went back to work in the clinic .
and i &apos;d like to purge , i see my normality , my colleagues is holding a  UNK  underneath the back , and the surgeon .
we &apos;ve had a wonderful presentation .
is it a little bit about what ?
the people who created themselves , the public community , creativity , is the characteristics of a traditional form of culture and culture that anyone can be accessible and audiences .
where are the housing ?
and he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
i believe that it &apos;s true for everyone on earth .
in fact , the presence of these programs depends on that work .
the centers were founded .
how about a  UNK  mouse ? try to test . life ?
some of us have been 24 24 percent , only three percent of them bought a bottle bottle .
a  UNK  community calls it out of a stupid joke that something we can be part of that .
and the obvious truth is that these  UNK  are getting worse .
and i said , &quot; yes , sir , and then we started to argue .
and so , we don &apos;t know how that means .
you give you an electrode into the center and now you can come to me .
for example , how do you work , let &apos;s why the elevator of the baseball elevator , open your ipod .
and it &apos;s always a lot of controversy in many families .
and that &apos;s the message to me when i went to school .
and i met her  UNK  , she was very malnourished .
after nearly 100 years , in 1947 , this led to this .
we need to figure out how to deal with the challenges , the problems and the difficulty of violence .
this is a  UNK  .
and if you make a difference you can &apos;t tell you .
and here , the parts are highlighted .
because at the time , a single -- -- the information that information can occur in the presence of a survival life , instead of this period of time .
is it a photography ?
i want to represent the voice for children .
&quot; she said , &quot; mom said , &quot; and don &apos;t have somebody else . &quot;
the next thing , we found in the case whatever people like to buy a bottle bottle .
you know , the average grocery stores don &apos;t give you a product product .
but that &apos;s an example of government as a system .
i &apos;ll never forget the grandmother .
ten times 10 times .
thank you .
i &apos;m here in 100 square meters , which i &apos;ve been trying to get to protect the police in the airport .
and if i say , &quot; i &apos;m not saying , &quot; i would have &quot; i mean , &quot; and if i said , &quot; my skin , &quot; she will let me alone .
but a member called  UNK   UNK  , noticed noticed something else , and that &apos;s the people who kept still before .
how would you feel if you lived in a world where he eats his death penalty , especially when it was the  UNK  .
all right . thank you very much .
for instance , the creation of speech is a small step according to the same way .
it &apos;s not our burden .
for those who really wanted to choose them to provide 20 dollars more or less than that .
and that made me sad .
so , we started to rely on computers to make a different process with the construction design .
a guy in the great office of the company &apos;s known to see this app and realized that he could use it , not for it , but for the drivers of the treaties .
and the first thing i did was to ask those people who said , &quot; tell me how other choices are .
and therefore , the next process is very interesting in life that has spent about one billion years ago .
the second attack that we &apos;ve seen today doesn &apos;t work for money .
so i should ask them a little bit .
no one has to your ideas .
make it !
and in fact , most of these species are very small ones , like  UNK  crystals , or  UNK  , are the ones that lived in coral reefs .
but in the end , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , in fact , this is still  UNK  by saying , say ,  UNK  , morality and  UNK  .
if you can get higher heights , because i use a piece of paper here .
but i wrote this crazy thing .
by the way , i think it &apos;s basically changed the world .
i don &apos;t know .
and what happens is that you will create a digital collection that you can hit on the internet .
or it &apos;s going to turn into a kind of curves like this , until it &apos;s something completely different , or maybe , it &apos;s going to turn it into it .
in fact , one of the things i did to do is that we can now store a lot of this code .
and we want this material access to people .
so , in the back of this story , you have to go out , and , in a chapter , photographed a flower and  UNK  it .
the conclusion we realized that the magic is made by the machine .
and there &apos;s a tremendous amount of crazy about how it doesn &apos;t have the right thing in the country .
if you click the button , &quot; i &apos;m going to decide what that means you &apos;re being too many , you know , you know .
not alone , you have to register a piece that &apos;s extracted from a typewriter .
it turns out that the grocery stores float down on the bottom and under the  UNK  of the new england in london , from all over the new species to  UNK  .
and the drain takes them apart , they  UNK  their fears , and then they look down and  UNK  and start telling me their story .
the news is now that technology is now improving a lot more efficient function of making a difference in the community .
people are always perplexed when i said , &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
but there are two problems with that .
and let &apos;s copy it via the same pattern as well . &quot;
he would look at the window next , and he can hear all his eyebrows idiots .
whenever i think about grandma , i know that she &apos;s all about all the youngsters .
and by the government to defend chinese power from us -- remember , &quot; are we humans ? &quot; -- we think about what it &apos;s going to change .
if somebody took something that doesn &apos;t belong to their own , not just one name .
i was working at a hospital party school in the toronto when she was taken into the emergency room of the hospital where i work .
and then this community is made from people who know the story of this story , and they started talking about it .
the next process is happening in those cohorts .
all the tools is right here , and the only thing we do is our  UNK  .
and even if he was walking out of his wallet , he &apos;s kind of like , he &apos;s just about her .
that was given to the second engineering problem in dealing with a  UNK  problem .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge has doubled to every two or three years , we can &apos;t .
my mom &apos;s drawers , but we tell each other day during the day and she told me around the house .
before i really started the key part of the presentation , let &apos;s start righting baseball .
this is my first tattoo .
and i said , &quot; computers , can you choose 10 percent of those random steps that you do the best job .
in other words , they form , in the form of evolution , a pattern that would allow them to make them , how they can copy .
and this starts with a  UNK  .
so , you know , what do you call a  UNK  with a  UNK  index ?
let me tell you a couple of pieces .
and we built a app on the ipad .
but when this happens , everything changes .
it was a privilege for me to be here and share with people with people .
the other thing we want to be used to help is that the companies around the world can help us to sustain these  UNK  devices .
and i think that all of us here is part of the next generation -- whatever it is .
and at the time , i realized that she &apos;s okay , each one -- and not just being done , but something that we need to be grateful , could be a gift from the boat .
never , it wasn &apos;t complete wrong , but he worried about every single detail , how to make mistakes .
they put three parabolas .
the  UNK  is that we &apos;ve been out there , and so forth .
let me show you how it works .
and that , with greater levels , is what we want to do now .
this is a very sword .
the nervous system , the fact that they built the species-specific structure , has accelerated the process of evolution .
so now , evolution can happen in a moment of seconds .
they said , they said , &quot; you never forget a name .
but if i could have that , and i still feel my life , i will give me me .
that &apos;s what okolloh did .
we asked them and nobody knew .
and when you stop the camera to photograph , the process that you finish .
so a living body body , for instance , for example , not least a kind of sue because it doesn &apos;t smell and parasites feel that they eat .
and the only country in the world doing this .
the answer is , if i paint it on a normal stage , you can say , is a mushroom , and this is a kind of thing that i &apos;m trying to illustrate , urbanization is very beautiful .
i want to tell you why a lot of projects that are failed to fail .
but as it as possible to remind us that we are not only consumers , and we &apos;re not just about government spending , government taxes and receive services .
and then i went there , and i &apos;ll just listen .
it also gave me a tremendous sense of this product that i &apos;m bound to it , so i &apos;m happy to me , and i &apos;m busy .
i &apos;m a shower in a hotel room in sydney , and she was 600 miles away .
so i went in my way .
for sure , we can process the fire department , and a lot of people did .
it &apos;s too late .
for poor people , the the black hole of this has made them to  UNK  .
someone might think that this is just a picture of the image and the bottom in the u.k. .
how can i tell you about 10 minutes of the teaching women connected to the three decades , about how the extraordinary strings are made of a  UNK  teenage girl with her daughter &apos;s daughter , with her mother , three months and three years in the night in the night in sarajevo in the night hovering , and she &apos;s gone out there -- she lives in san francisco and talking talking to you today ? &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt
the  UNK  ratio in the united states are actually not violent crime .
but somehow , we split ourselves from this problem .
there &apos;s no such thing .
these pictures like this : building building the opposite direction .
this is the main part of the company .
hi everyone . i &apos;m kevin  UNK  . i &apos;m a big fan of youtube , and i see videos on youtube videos .
and in this case , a neighbor has seen .
if you don &apos;t do , somebody else can pay it .
and we discovered that the more the source is actually , the lower rate .
and she said this girl : remember ?
spoken word is not a choice .
now it &apos;s you that you &apos;re right .
scott talk .
we  UNK  our own  UNK  onto a new level of where we don &apos;t remember how to it before .
despite even though , we seem to feel uncomfortable about this .
because the creators people like to introduce us to create novel and interesting things like this to a greater audience .
and this is also one of three main projects for problems .
we brought them to kids and see them playing with  UNK  .
so this video is scrolling up in january .
the instructor is carnegie mellon .
two trailers to go to school , every single team to get caught up on the other .
we all want to be great celebrities ,  UNK  , actor , and when i was young kids , it seems to be very difficult to do .
this is still not okay .
this is the german cemetery for giving you have an opportunity to motivate your car .
i &apos;m sitting here in front of the words , hopefully , in the beginning of the head of a kind of thinking and chaos and a little bit like my thinking .
people are helping each other , these communities are the core role here .
and i want to take a lecture on the daily basis and the comfort of life in the  UNK  ward , the mother and two daughters just like every day for every day for the past 20 years , telling us right now , she &apos;s still a bed .
&quot; she thinks you can do everything you want . &quot;
privacy is supposed to make sure .
so i looked at her and laughed , and she was very severe .
in fact , they &apos;re more effective programs that i can call .
now , what &apos;s remarkable about how to translate this information is that it &apos;s evolved since the last billion years ago .
so what &apos;s next ?
two years later i was in the orthopedic surgeon in a rural community hospital in toronto , and i started a young man who was 25 years old .
second , the combination of the guys should have a same light .
so what happens ?
it &apos;s not .
and this dark piece of this sams technology became the most prosaic object to me .
and of course she thinks what we need to commit .
this is a huge spread in time , and order , and nature .
it has a very profound relationship with the inherent part of the people in me , about the contribution of people , for communities to hope .
he &apos;s actually a inspiring person .
not as a scientist -- she puts a coffee or a small tea cup and asked her patient and family and daughter , &quot; what is it ?
and i have to tell you that that &apos;s what i give me .
now , if you can do all of those random notes , running all the programs , and pick up the best programs that i &apos;m trying to do . &quot;
when this man saw me , he went back to me and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
and a story of new perspectives as environmental problems .
and that &apos;s when i made my first mistake ; i gave her three  UNK  .
they have 250 levels of metals and  UNK  different kinds of fruits and more different kinds of pollen and more of them , and that &apos;s the time that we actually do .
if necessary , the government of government can support them , but a neighbor is a better solution to save the service of government .
90 percent of the things that we win is the sponge , and other creatures that are under the sea .
and i think it &apos;s a tough difficulty .
and that &apos;s the brain and the synapses of that colonies .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; the government is .
if you &apos;re having a suspicion to a crime , there &apos;s something that your smartphone is &quot; is . &quot;
and in fact , i know , i &apos;m confident that they &apos;re done because they come from a whole bunch of thousands of programs have done it .
they were three  UNK  drugs .
now the average age of members of our team is 28 , it &apos;s 28 , i &apos;m almost more  UNK  than all of them .
a woman , she said , &quot; today i see you . &quot;
oh my god . oh my god .
and she was born in the years , and she was a  UNK   UNK  , which was shaped by her life .
what they needed is a precursor for them .
and then sketches .
what would you do with that ?
today , i want to talk about one of the greatest factors of choice choices are dietary problems .
oh my god !
so half of the clients went from multiple choices , 56 steps , to 4 choices , four engines .
you can go on the web , download the design and designs themselves .
a lot of my cave is still very small .
i decided to go in america .
and if you &apos;re wondering about something else , they all look at the fourth day .
scott awareness .
we tested the pensions and the sponsors .
and as a result is now there &apos;s a little bit called  UNK  version of youtube .
well , i love my mother , so i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
most of our ideas were crazy , but some great ideas , and we created a breakthrough .
that our worldview of technology and design , entertainment and creativity has always been messing with with the vision of the community , compassion and justice .
if you think about it , you &apos;ll see it &apos;s a great invention .
but these  UNK   UNK  had been locked in his room for thousands of thousands of years .
so there &apos;s nothing changes , but everything has changed .
it spreads viral .
it also has a app , a website and a smartphone app , called  UNK   UNK  .
he described one of them was very common . &quot;
at the end of the day , i cleaned up my hospital and walked into the car sending me to send the car , to take the back home , and i did something that i didn &apos;t do .
&quot; oh no loo .
i &apos;m going to  UNK  .
what you find is that people go from the extra choice , it &apos;s called &quot; the &quot;
i don &apos;t know if you &apos;re talking about wine .
he said , &quot; you  UNK  , did you have you writing this petition ? &quot;
what makes the illusion ?
when my friend told me that i needed to see this wonderful video of a  UNK  people in the new york city , i had to admit .
now , i &apos;m going to tell you a lesson that i &apos;ve got with  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , which is  UNK  where we look at prospective decisions about 125 million people in the united states .
okay ?
so after four years ago , a  UNK   UNK  in the car , a  UNK  boat turned out of  UNK  .
there &apos;s a journey .
you know , if you &apos;re on your left is ben , ben ben saunders , please mate .
even the engine is not going to say i don &apos;t talk about anything about attention to the inside , it &apos;s for me to know how to make it .
it was a long time ago in the  UNK  bay , 500 years ago .
when the more  UNK  &amp; amp ; &amp; amp ; &amp; amp ; &amp; amp ; / 7 &amp; amp ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
the physician , according to the notion of the idea is that the people with bone meat , we know it &apos;s just a man , accepting it , not to be something wrong , but trying to learn something to teach somebody else .
now , think about your choices .
so there &apos;s a little token for this .
it &apos;s old man of black men at the age of 30 to 30 , there &apos;s one person in prison ,  UNK  or  UNK  .
and said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do ? &quot;
everything cannot be changed , as they &apos;re going on .
it &apos;s when you get rid of your emotions about privacy and boundaries in  UNK  and all kinds of things that motivates us , the government , and the core of it , in the words of the &quot;
and in a few days , there &apos;s a black hole between the clouds and the sun , and i wondered , you know , i can feel better than once again .
and we can &apos;t stabilize the government until we do the public opinion .
we opened up a little bit of a little bit of foot in the shop .
and it &apos;s a wonderful experience .
the grasslands ,  UNK  -- has four choices .
in the next few weeks , i blame myself and the first time that i &apos;m not saying that unhappy privilege in our medical culture -- in my culture , i feel lonely alone , damaged , undesirable people who didn &apos;t feel disabled as a normal person , because i couldn &apos;t speak to my colleagues .
this is not ...
once we did a  UNK  .
and in fact , if i knew , and my colleagues know that my colleagues exhibited my heart rate of the foot of the patient &apos;s heart of my patients , in my own hospital , believe me , i would have trouble in the face eye .
do you know how much do you do ?
it &apos;s not like the suburbs of the middle east , which i don &apos;t know is that there exists , there &apos;s no current state in  UNK  .
and then there &apos;s a bunch of different images .
so i want to make a difference , something at the beginning of the beginning .
or , wait , this is my favorite project .
they see their head with government , but they don &apos;t refuse them , they find their way .
so why do i worry ?
good , there are some people .
and you don &apos;t judge a society by how they treat the rich , people who have authority and the person who &apos;s  UNK  for their way to treat the poor person , to me .
i don &apos;t know .
it &apos;s a  UNK  game .
they wanted to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t go into my  UNK  . &quot;
they &apos;re coming out of ideas , and it &apos;s encrypted with the heart of the heart .
and today , we like to introduce this drone is not just  UNK  that this product is called , which is  UNK  .
it &apos;s not yet yet .
the rocks have rapidly the building material that &apos;s built in the world .
but our lives more than what we do in our mind .
now , our legal system is not only made by those ways , not only  UNK  by  UNK  racism , but by  UNK  poverty .
we know that we can &apos;t do people when we are interested in human rights and dignity .
well , let &apos;s say you live in a remote remote area , and you have a young girl who has a child , and the family to send it to a group that is a  UNK  , the  UNK  coronary artery , which is 200 .
this is the diagram of this video that the first time became a very first time ago .
i think that we &apos;re going to be as if we think we are the final product of evolution .
and therefore , the chaos .
when i was a growing growing up , the future for me was in 2000 , and every single person would happen in 2000 .
this allows allows the bacteria that bacteria can form that in the including including these kinds of microbes ; they work together .
and maybe i &apos;ve been enough long enough to remove a little bit of something that i &apos;m not going to be able to do it .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened to  UNK  .
so i &apos;m talking about unemployment and education , and about people who are  UNK  and  UNK  .
in the big cities in this country like los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington to washington -- 10 percent of the people who are in the same condition , they &apos;re  UNK  or  UNK  .
and so i could do the same evolution of a few million years in a computer for a few minutes , or if it &apos;s a complicated case , a few hours .
