who could ever wish it on their own ?
but there are two problems with that .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
so the things that make a photograph look realistic , i think it &apos;s the things that we don &apos;t even think about , the things all around us in our daily lives .
i don &apos;t believe that .
and there is this stunning silence .
so lunch is coming along , and i think i will stop at that point , before i get selected out .
the next step we took was to find the applications for it .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
but somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem .
he said , &quot; oh , mama tells all the grandkids that they &apos;re special . &quot;
i walked through the emergency department on my way home .
but what &apos;s more important about this app is that it represents how a new generation is tackling the problem of government -- not as the problem of an  UNK  institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and the women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and inflexible , and troubled children caught between two worlds .
and fortunately he didn &apos;t die .
and i go to the jail and i see my client who &apos;s 13 and 14 , and he &apos;s been certified to stand trial as an adult .
and i claim it &apos;s already today that it &apos;s more likely for any of us to become the victim of a crime online than here in the real world .
not in a very scientific way -- she puts up a little cup of coffee or cup of tea and asks patients , family , relatives , &quot; what &apos;s up ?
when i think about creating abundance , it &apos;s not about creating a life of luxury for everybody on this planet ; it &apos;s about creating a life of possibility .
and we teach our students all of these technologies , and particularly how they can be used to solve humanity &apos;s grand challenges .
what will these three billion people bring ?
now we all , or a big part of us , use gmail or one of their competitors , but these services are especially popular in totalitarian states like iran , where dissidents use foreign services like gmail because they know they are more trustworthy than the local services and they are encrypted over  UNK  connections , so the local government can &apos;t  UNK  on their discussions .
there was a gathering of resolve and a quiet voice saying , &quot; i will bypass you . &quot;
UNK  software usually takes a couple of years .
well i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
we have online criminals .
so what happened here ?
we asked around and nobody knew .
we &apos;re sort of on this line in a transition from the way the world used to be to some new way that the world is .
in fact , they are programs that are much more efficient than programs i could have ever written by hand .
and let me show you a simple example .
and there &apos;s good news here .
now for those of us who &apos;ve given up on government , it &apos;s time that we asked ourselves about the world that we want to leave for our children .
because i usually take the role of trying to explain to people how wonderful the new technologies that are coming along are going to be , and i thought that , since i was among friends here , i would tell you what i really think and try to look back and try to understand what is really going on here with these amazing jumps in technology that seem so fast that we can barely keep on top of it .
he took a famous photo . what was it called ?
so one day -- this is an actual report -- this came in : &quot; opossum in my trashcan . can &apos;t tell if it &apos;s dead .
now why do we draw technology curves in  UNK  curves ?
most of our ideas were crazy , but a few were brilliant , and we broke through .
i was a resident at a teaching hospital here in toronto when mrs.  UNK  was brought to the emergency department of the hospital where i was working .
two years later i was an attending in the emergency department at a community hospital just north of toronto , and i saw a 25 year-old man with a sore throat .
and that was my first time to be  UNK  with that .
the united states is the only country in the world where we sentence 13-year-old children to die in prison .
if i were to walk into a room -- like right now , i have no idea what you think of me .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to be taking only a few decades .
what i want to show you is not so much the details of the slide , but the general form of it .
and it &apos;s also a great example of government getting in on the crowd-sourcing game .
so scott was speaking person-to-person .
and to win , it needs to be able to diagnose you better than a team of  UNK  doctors .
it &apos;s all bound by oxygen and  UNK  .
i said , &quot; well we &apos;re trying to challenge injustice .
for every nine people who have been executed , we &apos;ve actually identified one innocent person who &apos;s been  UNK  and released from death row .
yeah ,  UNK  , the judge has some magic power .
but the thing is that it &apos;s made this simple that whenever i hop on , it sends my data through google health as well .
they gave her medications to raise her blood pressure .
and they noticed that the city never gets to digging out these fire hydrants .
and it &apos;s literally , hundreds of thousands of people came online and started playing it .
and yet , we seem to be very comfortable .
this is bjorn  UNK  .
and in fact , if i knew and my colleagues knew that one of my orthopedic colleagues took off the wrong leg in my hospital , believe me , i &apos;d have trouble making eye contact with that person .
this is a prime example of what happens when governments attack against their own citizens .
well after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that , especially local government , is about  UNK  .
jimmy  UNK  actually .
and i studied in my little  UNK  at the nurses &apos; residence at toronto general hospital , not far from here .
we think about energy scarcity .
and as of today , we would like to introduce this , not only as  UNK  , which is what the product is called , but also  UNK  .
then she said , &quot; the second thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always do the right thing even when the right thing is the hard thing . &quot;
i didn &apos;t know how to use the  UNK  .
and do we trust , do we blindly trust , any future government , a government we might have 50 years from now ?
and sometimes when i would go and spend time with her , it would be difficult to get her time and attention .
and so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it .
but then what happened was the individuals worked out , of course , tricks of communicating .
they will even use tools like state trojan to infect your computer with a trojan , which enables them to watch all your communication , to listen to your online discussions , to collect your passwords .
and he had posted lots of nature videos in fact .
i personally think that it &apos;s easier to actually create a place than to find a place , because then you don &apos;t need to compromise with the ideas in your head .
here you see , with felt and paper water bottles , we have  UNK  making ...
we have the passion of the diy innovator .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
and we built an ipad application .
well there are opportunities all around us .
and if you don &apos;t , someone can steal it from you .
it doesn &apos;t slow for any of our grand challenges .
and my small startup is looking to force ourselves into the environment by paying attention to ...
it &apos;s about as far as we go out .
so you heard and saw an obvious desire by this audience , this community , to help you on your way and to do something on this issue .
it has an app , a web and mobile app , called citizens connect .
here it kind of looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he &apos;s really looking for is for someone to shovel him out when he gets snowed in , because he knows he &apos;s not very good at fighting fires when he &apos;s covered in four feet of snow .
and the  UNK  staff pulled out all the stops .
and because government ultimately derives its power from us -- remember &quot; we the people ? &quot; -- how we think about it is going to effect how that change happens .
so &quot;  UNK  cat &quot; is a looped animation with looped music .
maybe i did it for a good reason .
i think it &apos;s very  UNK  of us to think that we &apos;re the end product of evolution .
she was the end of every argument in our family .
this is a chart of what it looked like .
we were poor .
i looked through the shower screen and saw her standing on the other side .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps that the fellows wrote last year .
and i love this : &quot; watson  UNK  human opponents . &quot;
i believe that for every person on the planet .
now if i look at those programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
so that &apos;s  UNK  movement has done .
last month , mit put out a study showing that by the end of this decade , in the sunny parts of the united states , solar electricity will be six cents a kilowatt hour compared to 15 cents as a national average .
so for example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
the company headquarters are right here .
and if you do a good job capturing the photos , the result can be quite beautiful and also quite realistic .
defeat would have come too easily .
and you can do this with techniques like this , but also by crowd-sourcing .
it might take a moment to load .
meanwhile the exact same year , at bell labs the next revolution was about to be announced , the next building block .
but what happens with citizens connect is different .
that whenever you &apos;re on holiday and somebody collapses , might it be your own relative or someone just in front of you , you can find this .
it &apos;s not our burden .
they &apos;re living in a world of information and communication abundance that no one could have ever predicted .
and we say that word with such contempt .
and there they make great apps , they work with city  UNK  .
so , if you could bring up the lights .
these might be  UNK  services or cable guys for instance , just to see whether the  UNK  that &apos;s submitted still is in place .
and i thought about it and i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
in a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute , only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have .
we have to engage with the machinery of government .
and we keep setting our expectations higher and higher .
and all the while , i was amassing more and more knowledge .
and i finally decided , oh gosh , i &apos;ve got to go to the court and do this crazy case .
this is a modest little app .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what are you doing in this  UNK  ? &quot;
so what happened on this day ?
the other one had a lot of diarrhea .
and at first i thought we were playing a game .
that means hit the ball into the  UNK  , it dropped , it didn &apos;t get caught , and whoever tried to throw it to first base didn &apos;t get there in time and the runner was safe .
and i put in my motion that there was  UNK  misconduct and police misconduct and judicial misconduct .
and i &apos;d like to be able to say to you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years of practice as many of my colleagues say , which is total  UNK
and during the break there was a deputy sheriff who was offended that the janitor had come into court .
i gave her aspirin . i gave her medications to relieve the strain on her heart .
it was busy , i was in a bit of a hurry .
and the conversation i had with dean kamen this morning , one of the great diy innovators , i &apos;d like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do so -- his technology called slingshot that many of you may have heard of , it is the size of a small dorm room refrigerator .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
and then it went international .
and up until now , it &apos;s been a supercomputer problem .
my name is brian goldman .
two pairs of  UNK  for school , each to hide the holes in the other .
i felt like anyone could do that .
but when something like this happens , things are qualitatively changing .
and it &apos;s that  UNK  connection that i believe  UNK  us to not just be attentive to all the bright and  UNK  things , but also the dark and difficult things .
that means that  UNK   UNK  safely , hit safely three times out of 10 at bats .
and he did and when he noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant , called the surgeons .
if you do , you get to name it , and he called the first one al .
what does this mean ?
do you remember when carl sagan turned the voyager spacecraft back towards the earth , in 1990 after it just passed saturn ?
and i put my challenge on 95  UNK  .
so i &apos;m going to start out by showing just one very boring technology slide .
every second of every day , our senses bring in way too much data than we can possibly process in our brains .
i &apos;m going to tell you something i probably shouldn &apos;t .
so  UNK  is open-source .
how do i get this removed ? &quot;
but there &apos;s a main difference : the transistor was only for experts .
thank you .
you have to see the enormous challenges that they &apos;re going to face .
and i mention that because i think identity is really important .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
what about contributions we can &apos;t even predict ?
he doesn &apos;t really come up with anything . he starts with animal control .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in jails and prisons .
i made it and i set to work treating her .
so of course , random sequences of instructions are very unlikely to sort numbers , so none of them will really do it .
say , &quot; please repeat that process . &quot;
save those . kill off the rest .
UNK   UNK  , the great czech leader , talked about this .
in fact , the drops that were different in a way that caused them to be better at incorporating chemicals around them , grew more and incorporated more chemicals and divided more .
one might think that this is just an image of a landscape and the lower part is what &apos;s manipulated .
that our visions of technology and design and entertainment and creativity have to be married with visions of humanity , compassion and justice .
the bricks are color-coded .
this is my wifi scale . it &apos;s a very simple thing .
i had the great privilege , when i was a young lawyer , of meeting rosa parks .
well the answer is , if i drew it on a normal curve where , let &apos;s say , this is years , this is time of some sort , and this is whatever measure of the technology that i &apos;m trying to graph , the graphs look sort of silly .
and for that work , when i was a final year law student , i was chosen as the young australian of the year .
the other nurse asked  UNK  .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to build much larger , more complex circuits , one brick at a time .
and those that were like that started to split and divide .
other than writing a check , what could we do ?
and at the end of the day , i packed up to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot to take my car and drive home when i did something that i don &apos;t usually do .
we &apos;re taking off .
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .
and we in the west couldn &apos;t understand how anybody could do this , how much this would restrict freedom of speech .
now the transition point happened when these communities got so close that , in fact , they got together and decided to write down the whole recipe for the community together on one string of dna .
he invited over to dinner the king of  UNK  .
they &apos;re  UNK  to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
i do get tired , as we all do .
and this is an argument , which doesn &apos;t make sense .
my brother said , &quot; come on . we &apos;re doing this today ; you always do what we do .
but this has in it -- what i did is i took this code -- the code has standard letters that we use for  UNK  it -- and i wrote my business card onto a piece of dna and amplified it 10 to the 22 times .
she said , &quot; now you make sure you don &apos;t do that . &quot; i said , &quot; sure . &quot;
now i will warn you that this kind of identity is a much more challenging identity than ones that don &apos;t pay attention to this .
the other thing is we know where all the gas stations are .
and in fact , they began to get specialists in the community and special structures that were responsible for recording , understanding , learning information .
well she was back all right .
this is stephen watt .
goodnight sweet opossum . &quot;
it &apos;s this , just like this .
we work in a system where errors happen every day , where one in 10 medications are either the wrong medication given in hospital or at the wrong dosage , where hospital-acquired infections are getting more and more numerous , causing havoc and death .
that &apos;s the system that we have .
and that era of terrorism , of course , was followed by segregation and decades of racial subordination and apartheid .
and these women would get together and just talk .
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but bacteria can actually exchange dna .
and we &apos;re not going to fix government until we fix citizenship .
and at that stage , we have  UNK  communities , communities of lots of different types of cells , working together as a single organism .
and so the next stage that &apos;s interesting in life took about another billion years .
there is no disconnect around technology and design that will allow us to be fully human until we pay attention to suffering , to poverty , to exclusion , to  UNK  , to injustice .
say , &quot; computer , would you please make a hundred million random sequences of instructions .
UNK  is a certificate authority from the netherlands -- or actually , it was .
about an hour after she had arrived home , after i &apos;d sent her home , she collapsed and her family called 911 and the  UNK  brought her back to the emergency department where she had a blood pressure of 50 , which is in severe shock .
very quickly concrete blocks became the  UNK  construction unit in the world .
so the white lines here are population .
but there &apos;s another way of thinking about where we are in our identity .
but it does require a lot of planning .
and the next piece of the jigsaw is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
so that nervous system , the fact that they built these special information structures , tremendously sped up the whole process of evolution .
that &apos;s the kind of shame that is a teacher .
it &apos;s the one that says , not that what you did was bad , but that you are bad .
now if i graph , for instance , some other technology , say transportation technology , on a  UNK  curve , it would look very stupid , it would look like a flat line .
and yet , 46 percent of all homicide cases don &apos;t result in arrest .
why did i go into medicine ?
&quot; you have not let it go . &quot;
lego made it accessible .
we worked well into each night .
yet , my interest in photography started as i got my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
things just can &apos;t possibly keep changing as fast as they are .
what we do though is we send each one of them , including myself , out into the world with the  UNK  , be perfect .
and i thought about that .
now we didn &apos;t write this app .
we made an application for  UNK  , augmented reality , to find these  UNK  .
and it was there that another nurse , not the nurse who was looking after mrs.  UNK  before , but another nurse , said three words to me that are the three words that most emergency physicians i know dread .
she was the daughter of people who were actually enslaved .
... paying attention to crowd-sourcing .
so meet al .
and the next report we got said , &quot; i walked over to this location , found the trashcan behind the house .
and this is the point where patients get into position and can collect , not only their own control again , be captain of their own ship , but also can help us in health care due to the challenges that we face , like health care cost explosion , doubled demand and things like that .
we &apos;re constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
in rwanda , even after the genocide , there was this commitment , but in this country we haven &apos;t done that .
and nobody seems to be making a fuss about it .
he kept pointing here .
last year , bear  UNK  posted this video that he had shot outside his home in yosemite national park .
and i &apos;ve been representing these kids who have been sentenced to do these very harsh sentences .
at midnight the monk came and told us he had to close the  UNK  .
the rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster .
the nicest thing is how they start to understand the electronics around them from everyday that they don &apos;t learn at schools .
if you know anything about government technology , you know that this isn &apos;t how it normally goes .
in this country , as many as 24,000 canadians die of preventable medical errors .
better than that , the things that you and i spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars for -- gps , hd video and still images , libraries of books and music , medical diagnostic technology -- are now literally  UNK  and  UNK  into your cellphone .
and like a lot of people , i thought government was basically about getting people elected to office .
for example , here in california we &apos;re going to spend one billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years -- one billion dollars .
a couple months went by , and i had just forgotten all about it .
when was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure after failure after failure ?
recession . default . doomsday . egypt . syria .
and every time it divided , they got sort of unequal division of the chemicals within them .
i lived in parallel worlds .
but today in 2011 , if you go and buy a color laser printer from any major laser printer manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having slight yellow dots printed on every single page in a pattern which makes the page unique to you and to your printer .
so for example , we &apos;ve had designers with no experience with electronics whatsoever start to play with  UNK  as a material .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they resigned themselves to what was happening .
he kept pacing back and forth .
that transition is happening . we can all sense it .
these communities of cells , again , began to abstract information .
i talk a lot about these issues .
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to make you tired , tired , tired . &quot;
and i &apos;m going to admit something to you .
death penalty in america is defined by error .
it &apos;s the reason that the tip of the washington monument is made of aluminum .
i even knew the differential diagnosis in how to classify renal  UNK   UNK  .
and i went through this roller coaster , because after they stabilized her , she went to the intensive care unit , and i hoped against hope that she would recover .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and he had this  UNK  of beer -- i don &apos;t know where he got it -- and he grabbed me and my sister and we went out in the woods .
and i remember this just like it happened yesterday .
and many people forget this .
three billion new minds who have never been heard from before are connecting to the global conversation .
but i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that i &apos;ve never had a drop of alcohol .
and it lets us produce things of much more complexity than normal engineering lets us produce .
we &apos;re constantly running into each other .
but what &apos;s the trick that makes it look realistic ?
and it starts with one physician at a time .
&quot; moneyball &quot; is about to come out , and it &apos;s all about statistics and using statistics to build a great baseball team .
now i &apos;m not saying we don &apos;t have our set of problems -- climate crisis , species extinction , water and energy shortage -- we surely do .
we have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you &apos;re rich and guilty than if you &apos;re poor and innocent .
in many ways , we &apos;ve been taught to think that the real question is , do people deserve to die for the crimes they &apos;ve committed ?
go home to where ?
so a couple of years ago i started a program to try to get the rockstar tech and design people to take a year off and work in the one environment that represents pretty much everything they &apos;re supposed to hate ; we have them work in government .
and yes , i &apos;ve got a challenge , as you might see .
oh , my god .
with no support from her husband , she caused a sensation by taking him to court and prosecuting her own case , and a far greater sensation when she won .
you can go on the website , download all the design files , make them yourself .
unlike the settled middle-class suburbs , whose existence i was oblivious of , there was no sense of entitlement in  UNK  .
a few years ago i started developing  UNK  .
the underwater part was captured in a stone pit .
but now those drops of oil weren &apos;t really alive , as we say it now , because every one of them was a little random recipe of chemicals .
i was taking a shower in a hotel room in sydney the moment she died 600 miles away in melbourne .
she took me out back and she said , &quot;  UNK  , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you don &apos;t tell anybody what i tell you . &quot;
we &apos;ve been disconnected .
so these communities began to evolve so that the interesting level on which evolution was taking place was no longer a cell , but a community which we call an organism .
oh , my god . oh , my god .
he retreated into silence .
so scott gets this call .
i gathered around me a small team of people for whom the label &quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was an irresistible challenge .
so we &apos;re the amoebas and we can &apos;t quite figure out what the hell this thing is we &apos;re creating .
photos where you will need a brief moment to think to figure out the trick .
one out of three black men between the ages of 18 and 30 is in jail , in prison , on probation or parole .
because ultimately we are talking about a need to be more hopeful , more committed , more dedicated to the basic challenges of living in a complex world .
my mother suffered from nightmares all about the boat .
others in medicine dread them as well , but there &apos;s something particular about emergency medicine because we see patients so  UNK  .
pretty simple .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two kinds of physicians -- those who make mistakes and those who don &apos;t , those who can &apos;t handle sleep deprivation and those who can , those who have lousy outcomes and those who have great outcomes .
but it has an unexpected twist .
but one of them , by luck , may put two numbers in the right order .
so every morning i hop on my wifi scale and before i &apos;m in my car , people start talking to me , &quot; i think you need a light lunch today ,  UNK  . &quot;
and i kept asking myself these questions .
we call animal control , it just costs a lot of money .
but when combining photographs , this is really important to consider , because otherwise it just looks wrong somehow .
but , but , you know what ?
i call it the rising billion .
make it impossible to say how the image actually was composed .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him on his way .
i never will forget it .
now the question that i &apos;d like to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they don &apos;t go on forever .
well  UNK  picked it up , a lot of blogs starting writing about .
so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have plenty for everyone in the room , and , in fact , everyone in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
and it worked for a while , until i met mrs.  UNK  .
and i &apos;ve got here a little 100  UNK  of white powder , which i try not to let the security people see at airports .
lights , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything should be accessible .
if there is a  UNK  in our family , it runs through the women .
there are billions of them .
and more than anything , for those of you who share that , i &apos;ve simply come to tell you to keep your eyes on the prize , hold on .
but at the same time , we know it can &apos;t .
so i think this picture makes sense if you look at it a few billion years at a time .
so here &apos;s another example .
the amazing thing is that that way of writing seems to have stayed steady since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
and i went back to work .
and the next steps , like nervous systems and brains , took a few hundred million years .
we &apos;re trying to help people who have been wrongly convicted .
so how does it happen ?
and it was what i was feeling .
so please help us on this one and try to make not only health a little bit better , but take control of it .
so we &apos;re beginning to depend on computers to do a process that &apos;s very different than engineering .
so we talk about a 300 , a batter who bats 300 .
so i &apos;ve got now a new generation of programs that are produced by combinations of the programs that did a little bit better job .
and that was the message that i absorbed when i was in med school .
well that orientation of the spirit is very much at the core of what i believe even ted communities have to be engaged in .
and these are the questions that we have to worry about for the next 50 years .
they use online attacks to make lots of money , and lots and lots of it .
she was the beginning of a lot of arguments in our family .
and i see the same process with combining photographs .
the first concrete blocks were manufactured in  UNK  with a very simple idea : modules made of cement of a fixed measurement that fit together .
and how it folds dictates its structure and its functionality .
and she just had this quality that you always wanted to be near her .
the good news is that technology is making it possible to fundamentally reframe the function of government in a way that can actually scale by strengthening civil society .
here &apos;s vladimir  UNK  form  UNK  in estonia .
and these older people come up to me now and they say , &quot; mr. stevenson , you give talks , you make speeches , you tell people to stop saying we &apos;re dealing with terrorism for the first time in our nation &apos;s history after 9 / 11 . &quot;
and so it all brings us to one big question ...
we have three main groups .
it &apos;s just taught me very simple things .
this is not a question between privacy against security .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is it that her hand is so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? &quot;
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
and we would like to start this on a worldwide level .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
now that &apos;s why , for instance , antibiotic resistance has evolved .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and this deputy jumped up and he ran over to this older black man .
and even though i finished my degree , i realized i could not settle into a career in law .
take two programs and they produce children by exchanging their  UNK  , and the children inherit the traits of the  UNK  of the two programs .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on everyone &apos;s humanity .
we all love baseball , don &apos;t we ?
yes ,  UNK  percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight over a half a percent of the water on this planet , but here too there is hope .
it would be so  UNK  and so empowering .
we &apos;re going through the same levels that  UNK  organisms have gone through --  UNK  out our methods of recording , presenting , processing information .
so the time scale that i would like to look at this on is the time scale of life on earth .
i would like to talk to you about why many  UNK  projects fail .
and as i was walking up the steps of this courthouse , there was an older black man who was the janitor in this courthouse .
she was back and near death .
now in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home and i don &apos;t think there was any gap in their care .
it &apos;s not about being scarce , it &apos;s about accessibility .
and part of the narrative of that is sometimes that it &apos;s about increased incarceration rates .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for that .
so it &apos;s feeding back on itself .
we actually have several cases of millionaires online ,  UNK  , who made money with their attacks .
well i adored my mom , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
and they did .
tell me what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
and issue rogue certificates .
for example , in germany , just a couple of weeks ago the so-called state trojan was found , which was a trojan used by german government officials to investigate their own citizens .
i was an obsessive compulsive student .
you &apos;re an inspiring person .
if you could bring up the lights higher , because i &apos;m just going to use a piece of paper here .
someone made an old  UNK  version .
what do you do with certificates ?
there is one project in the california court system right now that so far cost taxpayers two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
&quot; do you remember that patient you sent home ? &quot;
but there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to youtube every minute .
but wait , this is actually my favorite project .
it would be  UNK  for us to , in an intentional and deliberate way , set about executing people . &quot;
what about arab spring and things that have been happening , for example , in egypt ?
after only one trip .
in 2010 , it was viewed 23 million times .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
and for me , it becomes necessary to integrate the two .
and then it happened again .
it was this misguided war on drugs .
and because i was up too late , wasn &apos;t thinking real straight , i started working on a motion .
you see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , worth more than gold and platinum .
do you know what they call a 300  UNK  in major league baseball ?
you can put a knob in between and now you &apos;ve made a little  UNK  .
they tell me to say , &quot; no , tell them that we grew up with that . &quot;
it &apos;s interesting to me .
the united states now has the highest rate of incarceration in the world .
how about a set of voices that have never been heard from before .
essentially concrete blocks had become the building block of our time .
my male uncles died of  UNK  diseases .
because i think the only way to understand this is to really step back and take a long time scale look at things .
i met people from all walks of life , so many of them doing the thing they loved , living on the frontiers of possibility .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
and that &apos;s great news , because , it turns out , we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .
and one of the things we did i would like to share with you introduced by a little video .
i have stepped outside my comfort zone enough now to know that , yes , the world does fall apart , but not in the way that you fear .
and over 10,000  UNK  already in the netherlands already have been submitted .
i was riding in a 747 with marvin minsky once , and he pulls out this card and says , &quot; oh look . look at this .
and there &apos;s hundreds of them .
and so , in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we , humanity , have started  UNK  out .
they will tap your internet connection .
okay .
and here every piece is very well planned .
it suggests how government could work better -- not more like a private company , as many people think it should .
and i think that that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here in this explosion of curve .
the cost of solar dropped 50 percent last year .
i ordered a kidney x-ray . when it turned out to be normal , my colleague who was doing a  UNK  of the patient noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons .
and there is technology coming online , not 10 , 20 years from now , right now .
if you live in the state of california , for example , there &apos;s a referendum coming up this spring where actually there &apos;s going to be an effort to redirect some of the money we spend on the politics of punishment .
and it &apos;s collected by my general practitioner as well , so he can see what &apos;s my problem in weight , not on the very moment that i need  UNK  support or something like it , but also looking backward .
solar technology is ...
and this game has been played by university professors and so forth .
now one of the important things we need to think about government is that it &apos;s not the same thing as politics .
so if transportation technology was moving along as fast as microprocessor technology , then the day after tomorrow , i would be able to get in a taxi cab and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
i represent children .
well i went into the  UNK  .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to be talking about .
tsunami warning .  UNK  .
green is output , blue is power , pink is input and orange is wire .
i had written these crazy things .
and the next morning , i woke up and i thought , now did i dream that crazy motion , or did i actually write it ?
nobody knew where the nearest life-saving  UNK  was to be obtained right now .
my hunches again .
and this has spread just  UNK  , organically , naturally .
and here &apos;s the thing .
56 percent of all rape cases don &apos;t result .
i don &apos;t take the same history .
and so what i &apos;m trying to ask , what i &apos;ve been asking myself , is what &apos;s this new way that the world is ?
let &apos;s say i want to sort numbers , as a simple example i &apos;ve done it with .
somehow this isn &apos;t working .
unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it .
and for example , the most sophisticated version that we &apos;re aware of is human language .
it is a jigsaw puzzle still being put together .
and to report back to my attending .
and this older black man stood up and he looked at that deputy and he looked at me and he said , &quot; i came into this  UNK  to tell this young man , keep your eyes on the prize , hold on . &quot;
so neurons are the information processing apparatus that those communities of cells built up .
and that wasn &apos;t a difficult diagnosis to make .
it &apos;s been viewed nearly 50 million times this year .
it &apos;s a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed  UNK  report that &apos;s a response to the sec &apos;s request for comment on the financial reform bill .
three things :  UNK  , communities of participation and  UNK  .
eight years ago when i was at the media lab , i started exploring this idea of how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and designers .
and there were rare but searing  UNK  of &quot;  UNK  &quot; and the occasional graffiti : &quot; asian , go home . &quot;
that &apos;s somebody who hit , by the way , four times safely out of every 10 .
we &apos;re near the end , we &apos;re getting close to the world series .
so how do people die as the result of a hack like this ?
even cats were watching this video .
in one , i was the classic asian student , relentless in the demands that i made on myself .
it &apos;s a complete denial of mistakes .
for her , life had distilled itself into one task : the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
so you agree to dig it out when it snows .
she grew up at a time when  UNK  was the social norm and the local mandarin was the person who mattered .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
it &apos;s interesting , this question of the death penalty .
and i think that there &apos;s theories that are beginning to understand about how it started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell a sort of simple story of it , which is that , at that time , there were little drops of oil floating around with all kinds of different recipes of chemicals in them .
we select a few fellows every year and we have them work with city governments .
about 10 minutes later the judge said we would take a break .
it was running into bankruptcy last fall because they were hacked into .
there had to be another piece of the jigsaw .
as some of you might know , i &apos;ve got more than 4,000 followers on twitter .
but they do the job .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , froze the swiss bank account of mr. sam jain right here , and that bank account had  UNK  million u.s. dollars on it when it was frozen .
and we &apos;ve seen this in cellphones .
and i think that opportunity exists all around us .
now i work in the solar technology industry .
but on citizens connect everything is public , so everybody can see this .
and that &apos;s that when you strip away all your feelings about politics and the line at the dmv and all those other things that we &apos;re really mad about , government is , at its core , in the words of tim o  UNK  , &quot; what we do together that we can &apos;t do alone . &quot;
now truth of the matter is , nobody knows in all of medicine what a good surgeon or physician or  UNK  is supposed to bat .
our system isn &apos;t just being shaped in these ways that seem to be distorting around race , they &apos;re also distorted by poverty .
so it &apos;s got cute little game dynamics on it .
i &apos;m sitting here making grunting sounds basically , and hopefully constructing a similar messy , confused idea in your head that bears some analogy to it .
because , of course , this is a photograph that you can &apos;t take with your camera .
and before i knew it , the  UNK  was filled with people angry that we were talking about race , that we were talking about poverty , that we were talking about inequality .
what about giving the oppressed , wherever they might be , the voice to be heard and the voice to act for the first time ever ?
i start thinking , well , how did that happen ?
we can get them to do things that they don &apos;t think they can do .
now when i was a kid growing up , the future was kind of the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
so an app that takes a couple of days to write and then spreads virally , that &apos;s sort of a shot across the bow to the institution of government .
and when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
her parents were born in slavery in virginia in the  UNK  &apos;s .
because  UNK  like jimmy  UNK  introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience .
but he didn &apos;t actually set out to make a viral video , bear .
hi . i &apos;m kevin  UNK  , i &apos;m the trends manager at youtube , and i professionally watch youtube videos .
i memorized in my anatomy class the origins and  UNK  of every muscle , every branch of every artery that came off the aorta , differential diagnoses obscure and common .
we had a team of fellows in boston last year through the code for america program .
that &apos;s because government is like a vast ocean and politics is the  UNK  layer on top .
we love innovation .
we have the capital of the  UNK  .
it could happen in learning time scales .
and on this curve , riding on moore &apos;s law , are a set of extraordinarily powerful technologies available to all of us .
because we don &apos;t just enjoy now , we participate .
in many communities , people had to worry about being  UNK  .
this is a generation that &apos;s grown up taking their voices pretty much for granted .
i tell them about terrorism , the era that began at the end of reconstruction that went on to world war ii .
i mean , how many of you saw the winning of jeopardy by ibm &apos;s watson ?
you know ultimately , we all have to believe things we haven &apos;t seen .
her father died soon after she was born .
so those tended to live longer , get expressed more .
and this is one of the main three sources of online problems today .
these people represent tens of trillions of dollars injected into the global economy .
it says , &apos; this plane has hundreds of thousands of tiny parts working together to make you a safe flight . &apos; doesn &apos;t that make you feel confident ? &quot;
the one thing i &apos;ve learned at the x prize is that small teams driven by their passion with a clear focus can do extraordinary things , things that large corporations and governments could only do in the past .
because the transition seems very , very confusing when we &apos;re right in the middle of it .
well i believe that our identity is at risk .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot in february last year .
and those were the most primitive forms of cells in a sense , those little drops of oil .
and i remember , when i was about eight or nine years old , waking up one morning , going into the living room , and all of my cousins were running around .
she said , &quot; that &apos;s my baby girl , and you have to promise me now you &apos;ll always take care of her . &quot;
but here , here is the biggest force for bringing about a world of abundance .
the idea behind  UNK  is that it &apos;s a growing library .
they can express their opinion on any channel at any time , and they do .
and the more  UNK  i spoke , the more i was asked to speak .
the point is that the news media  UNK  feeds us negative stories because that &apos;s what our minds pay attention to .
telephony , computers ,  UNK  , cd-roms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we &apos;ve now built within our society for handling that information .
that our input to the system of government is voting .
and that old newspaper saying , &quot; if it  UNK  it leads , &quot; is very true .
and being here at ted and seeing the stimulation , hearing it , has been very , very  UNK  to me .
when i say realism , i mean  UNK  .
and sometimes when it comes through ted , it has meaning and power that it doesn &apos;t have when it doesn &apos;t .
so in a sense , it &apos;s getting ahead of us .
it always starts with a sketch , an idea .
right now in alabama 34 percent of the black male population has permanently lost the right to vote .
now suppose you live in a certain part of a certain remote place and you have a loved one who has blockages in two coronary arteries and your family doctor refers that loved one to a cardiologist who &apos;s batting 200 on  UNK  .
and i was thinking , this is going to be so difficult , so painful .
it &apos;s been seen nearly 200 million times this year .
if i were to walk into a room filled with my  UNK  and ask for their support right now and start to tell what i &apos;ve just told you right now , i probably wouldn &apos;t get through two of those stories before they would start to get really uncomfortable , somebody would crack a joke , they &apos;d change the subject and we would move on .
who could have predicted &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black or &quot;  UNK  cat ? &quot;
and i really think that the most important thing of it is that we stopped listening to patients .
we have lots of cells that are not out for themselves anymore .
then the next steps , like language and so on , took less than a million years .
it connected those two people .
and there &apos;s a generation out there that &apos;s grown up on the internet , and they know that it &apos;s not that hard to do things together , you just have to architect the systems the right way .
think of this , in america today , the majority of people under the poverty line still have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile phones , air conditioning and cars .
i couldn &apos;t bear it .
i was giving some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
if they found a paper which had the wrong kind of thought , they could track down who created that thought .
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well when it gets complicated .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , lego came up with this .
and the interesting thing about it is that this slide , like so many technology slides that we &apos;re used to , is a sort of a straight line on a  UNK  curve .
and i think what we &apos;ve learned is that , if you &apos;re a teacher your words can be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a compassionate teacher , they can be especially meaningful .
we &apos;re trying to confront bias and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
no one has to  UNK  your idea .
so beyond simple play ,  UNK  are actually pretty powerful .
the wealthiest  UNK   UNK  of the last century , the  UNK  on this planet , could have never dreamed of such luxuries .
well i &apos;ve been trying to say something about our criminal justice system .
&quot; do you remember that patient you saw with the sore throat ? &quot;
and we know that it just doesn &apos;t make too much sense to think out 30 , 50 years because everything &apos;s going to be so different that a simple  UNK  of what we &apos;re doing just doesn &apos;t make any sense at all .
i &apos;m here to share my photography .
they &apos;re using their hands to write applications that make government work better .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
and while we might trust our governments right now , right here in 2011 , any right we give away will be given away for good .
and now there are 10,000  UNK  of &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
i &apos;ve come to understand and to believe that each of us is more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
and we have this idea that if we drive the people who make mistakes out of medicine , what will we be left with , but a safe system .
so in other words , they worked out , in this mindless sort of evolutionary way , a form of writing that let them write down what they were , so that that way of writing it down could get copied .
drug war . mass destruction . tornado .
i never knew him in real life .
i don &apos;t know what every transistor in the connection machine does .
but on the other hand , it also could be used to get people from out of their chairs and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity to get more control of their health .
that &apos;s about all it can do .
when i would see her as a little boy , she &apos;d come up to me and she &apos;d give me these hugs .
i grew up in a house that was the traditional african american home that was dominated by a matriarch , and that matriarch was my grandmother .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with you ? have some beer . &quot;
and i began giving her my rap .
and we &apos;re actually doing some litigation .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion bricks have been produced -- or 75 bricks for every person on the planet .
but these apps are like little digital reminders that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers of government , putting in our taxes and getting back services .
it &apos;s spreading virally .
for a year we were penniless .
so literally , imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , 25 percent of the disease burden and 1.3 percent of the health care workers .
this is not ...
do you want to come over and listen ? &quot;
i sometimes push too hard .
a kind of astonishing error rate -- one out of nine people innocent .
i had some , your sister had some . have some beer . &quot;
&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
and it could have connected them with government services if they &apos;d been needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to government services .
and so every drop was a little bit different .
something  UNK  inside me .
i don &apos;t say that because i think that &apos;s virtuous ; i say that because there is power in identity .
so the question i have for all of you here : when it comes to the big , important things that we need to do together , all of us together , are we just going to be a crowd of voices , or are we also going to be a crowd of hands ?
and most people get that , but they think that one is the input to the other .
so we trick our brains , because our brain simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
no apple has ever tasted the same .
there was a crazy line in there about how there &apos;s no conduct in this county , it &apos;s all misconduct .
but that &apos;s the nicest thing that could happen , since this is peer pressure , peer pressure used to help patients -- since this could be used for obesity , it could be used to stop smoking in patients .
we &apos;re challenging teams around the world to basically combine these technologies into a mobile device that you can speak to , because it &apos;s got a.i. , you can cough on it , you can do a finger blood  UNK  .
so all the tools are out there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
and i asked last week in a meeting with dutch government representatives , i asked one of the leaders of the team whether he found plausible that people died because of the  UNK  hack .
and maybe i &apos;ve been around long enough that i can afford to give away some of my false prestige to be able to do that .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
and whenever you are in a city like  UNK  and somebody collapses , you can use your iphone , and within the next weeks also run your microsoft cellphone , to find the nearest  UNK  which can save lives .
i think even if you kill someone , you &apos;re not just a killer .
threats , in the wake of bin laden &apos;s death , have spiked .
and this man came over to me and he hugged me .
and every now and then ms.  UNK  would call me , and she &apos;d say , &quot;  UNK  , ms. parks is coming to town . we &apos;re going to get together and talk .
my duty was not to allow it to have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that , yes , history tried to crush us , but we endured .
the program is called code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a peace corps for geeks .
it was the threat of terror that shaped their lives .
i actually learned about this from my grandmother .
and of that , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment .
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .
and the snippets of  UNK  english were exchanged between people who had one thing in common , they were starting again .
then it &apos;s about combining the different photographs .
so to make this blink faster or slower , you would just turn this knob and basically make it pulse faster or slower .
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t come clean and talk about my mistakes , if i can &apos;t find the  UNK  voice that tells me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
&quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was shown to be wrong .
and if you think that that is weird , you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been viewed four million times .
and one of the things that &apos;s emerged in my short time here is that ted has an identity .
oh , my god !
so what we do is we put inside the machine a process of evolution that takes place on the  UNK  time scale .
so i signed the discharge papers , and an ambulance came ,  UNK  came to take her home .
so those are just a few of the clips i collected over the last six months -- could have easily been the last six days or the last six years .
the shores are from a different location .
this is just a random slide that i picked out of my file .
so to achieve a realistic result , i think it comes down to planning .
we &apos;re right at that point of transition .
okay . thank you very much .
all the adults knew the risks .
but what &apos;s important is that an individual or a group of  UNK  took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
and then my brother started staring at me .
and getting this idea during winter , i knew that i had several months to plan it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle basically .
and we &apos;ve had some fantastic presentations .
and i &apos;d say , &quot; yes , ma &apos;am , i do . &quot;
and i think that &apos;s the orientation that we have to change .
the other way of thinking about it is not , do people deserve to die for the crimes they commit , but do we deserve to kill ?
ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet that is bathed with 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a small bottle of poison .
and this is a game where individuals can actually take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is going to fold .
instead of having to program , to wire , to  UNK  ,  UNK  allow you to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
and if you &apos;re wondering about those other spikes , those are also fridays .
and that was the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
suppose you have  UNK  and you &apos;re referred to a surgeon who &apos;s batting 400 on  UNK  .
why should i worry ?
a few weeks ago we took  UNK  to risd and gave them to some designers with no experience in engineering whatsoever -- just cardboard , wood and paper -- and told them &quot; make something . &quot;
possibilities that would not have been allowed were  UNK  encouraged .
that &apos;s why the cellphone in your pocket is literally a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the &apos; 70s .
except they can if they hack into a foreign  UNK
because all of these technologies are feeding back on themselves .
and it &apos;s interesting , when i teach my students about african american history , i tell them about slavery .
the only country in the world .
but western governments are doing it to themselves as well .
something really weird is going on here .
and two days later i came to do my next emergency shift , and that &apos;s when my chief asked to speak to me quietly in her office .
this is matthew anderson ,  UNK   UNK  and so on and so on .
and these two images both fulfill these two requirements -- shot at the same height and in the same type of light .
so he &apos;s getting citizens to check on them .
and as soon as i walked inside , the judge saw me coming in .
and they don &apos;t tell us much .
we &apos;ve been giving  UNK  to kids and seeing them play with them .
there were remixes .
and i think our current punishment philosophy does nothing for no one .
so we now know of nine cities that are planning to use this .
cats were watching other cats watch this video .
my mother ,  UNK  , was 18 when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , already with two small girls .
these guys make money .
i &apos;ve learned very simple things doing the work that i do .
and so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively .
before i actually begin the meat of my talk , let &apos;s begin with a bit of baseball .
and i actually believe that the ted community needs to be more courageous .
given who we were and how life had shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have  UNK  us .
and these are not characteristics of old media , and they &apos;re barely true of the media of today , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
and it was my job , when the emergency staff called for a cardiology consult , to see that patient in  UNK  .
my good friend ray kurzweil showed that any tool that becomes an information technology jumps on this curve , on moore &apos;s law , and experiences price performance doubling every 12 to 24 months .
so i wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you press the trigger .
and i say , &quot; computer , would you please now take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best job .
and it &apos;s almost like an ideological reaction , like the antibodies begin to attack that person .
if we want this institution to work for us , we &apos;re going to have to make bureaucracy sexy .
by being totally surprising and humorous , casey  UNK  got his funny idea and point seen five million times .
we maybe even &#91; have &#93; it in our cellphone .
so find the programs that come closest to sorting numbers .
so in other words , the future has kind of been shrinking one year per year for my whole lifetime .
i looked at his throat , it was a little bit pink .
now what this communication allowed was communities to form that , in some sense , were in the same boat together ; they were  UNK  .
have you seen these guys ?
i was devastated .
thank you .
what they need is an environment to be able to do that .
or is it photography ?
so you can &apos;t put them the wrong way .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of this globe , that the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
at the time i was assigned to the cardiology service on a cardiology rotation .
how could we help you ? &quot;
i grew up in the country in the rural south , and i have a brother a year older than me and a sister a year younger .
they &apos;re not fighting that battle that we &apos;re all fighting about who gets to speak ; they all get to speak .
and i don &apos;t mean necessarily a technological definition of platform here .
we have seven million people on probation and parole .
that we cannot be full evolved human beings until we care about human rights and basic dignity .
do you know what they call a 400 baseball  UNK  ?
so for example , the invention of language was a tiny step in that direction .
in aviation , we would never let people fly on airplanes if for every nine planes that took off one would crash .
they haven &apos;t given up on government .
baseball is filled with some amazing statistics .
but what &apos;s important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie , geeky internet culture .
i didn &apos;t pick up the phone and do what i was supposed to do , which was call my attending and run the story by him so he would have a chance to see her for himself .
well it turns out , he didn &apos;t have a  UNK  throat .
now when we think deeper about things like these , the obvious response from people should be that , &quot; okay , that sounds bad , but that doesn &apos;t really affect me because i &apos;m a legal citizen .
we &apos;re looking at some very interesting developments in our work .
you can google it , but it &apos;s an infection , not of the throat , but of the upper  UNK  , and it can actually cause the  UNK  to close .
thank you so much for coming to ted . thank you .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
what scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it ?
so we &apos;re going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters .
in fact , every living creature is written in exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
so if you take the system , as i was taught , and weed out all the  UNK  health professionals , well there won &apos;t be anybody left .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
but now web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world &apos;s culture .
and my grandmother was sitting across the room staring at me .
and let me close with three words of my own : i do remember .
she was born in the 1880 &apos;s and the experience of slavery very much shaped the way she saw the world .
and this was done so the government could track where text was coming from .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is only going to get worse .
they put her on a ventilator .
instead of sending them off into the third world , we send them into the  UNK  of city hall .
so what we did , we crowdsourced the netherlands .
and sure , we could find fast food chains .
now here &apos;s a conference in which people talk about the future , and you notice that the future is still at about the year 2000 .
but i think that there really is something coming along after us .
and every morning i hop on it .
and imagine if you would a.i. &apos; s like this on the cloud available to every person with a cellphone .
and in a few short years , lego bricks took place in every household .
imagine the first piece : a man burning his life &apos;s work .
i made the decision to move to the u.s.
and these folks know something that we &apos;ve lost sight of .
that could happen within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas before they &apos;d built these special information processing structures , that would have had to be learned evolutionarily over hundreds of thousands of years by the individuals dying off that ate that kind of fruit .
and we think , we like to think , that this is one of the major problems why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the  UNK  projects fail , since we stopped listening .
somebody broke in and they hacked it thoroughly .
so right now , what i do is i design objects at such complexity that it &apos;s really impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
they &apos;re obscure , weird programs .
but then the technology of  UNK  came along and literally made aluminum so cheap that we use it with  UNK  mentality .
&quot; well she &apos;s back , &quot; in just that tone of voice .
and we got carried away with the rhetoric of punishment .
i began to feel a bit better .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i would ask that you reconsider , because things are changing .
score them again .
turned trashcan on its side . walked home .
in both cases , these are gross  UNK  , because we really aren &apos;t  UNK  out the problem as we should .
one of two things is going to happen .
and certainly , we could have been shoveling out those fire hydrants all along , and many people do .
sleep deprivation is absolutely pervasive .
thank you .
among those papers , was this binder entitled &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
i &apos;ve come to ted because i believe that many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice .
in fact the recipe for us , our genes , is exactly that same code and that same way of writing .
we just passed the seven billion mark on earth .
and i went back to my work on the wards .
secondly , photos combined should have the same type of light .
i told my mother i couldn &apos;t do it .
alone , ashamed and unsupported .
we can &apos;t do without government , but we do need it to be more effective .
it &apos;s not really what is realistic , it &apos;s what we think looks realistic really .
and i made myself a bargain that if only i  UNK  my efforts to be perfect and never make another mistake again , please make the voices stop .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the prison population .
and who could have predicted any of this ?
given all of that , mistakes are inevitable .
well actually the violent crime rate has remained relatively stable .
and those are the neural structures .
30 years ago that would have sounded ludicrous .
and even as he was walking out the door , he was still sort of pointing to his throat .
and some of those drops of oil had a particular combination of chemicals in them which caused them to incorporate chemicals from the outside and grow the drops of oil .
well you need a certificate if you have a website that has  UNK  ,  UNK  encrypted services , services like gmail .
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all the doors to your house and play music really loud and see if the thing leaves ? &quot;
the unhealthy shame i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you so sick inside .
but thinking about them in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
all the rest of that day , that afternoon , i had this kind of gnawing feeling inside my stomach .
we truly are living in an extraordinary time .
we &apos;re now using those programs to make much faster computers so that we &apos;ll be able to run this process much faster .
it &apos;s friday , friday . gotta get down on friday . everybody &apos;s looking forward to the weekend , weekend . friday , friday .  UNK  &apos; down on friday . so you didn &apos;t think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video i hope .
i actually think , in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
when one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
we have life imprisonment without parole for kids in this country .
one method that &apos;s particularly interesting that i &apos;ve been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
the three words are : do you remember ?
it came out of the university of washington in seattle .
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
or photos like these -- both dark and colorful , but all with a common goal of retaining the level of realism .
in poor communities , in communities of color there is this despair , there is this hopelessness , that is being shaped by these outcomes .
in my 20 years or so of medical broadcasting and journalism , i &apos;ve made a personal study of medical malpractice and medical errors to learn everything i can , from one of the first articles i wrote for the toronto star to my show &quot; white coat , black art . &quot;
we &apos;ve also been taking  UNK  to design schools .
so after a four-year saga that defies fiction , a boat slipped out to sea disguised as a fishing vessel .
let me give you an example .
and they will get healthier by using the  UNK  , and they &apos;ll become better educated by using the khan academy , and by literally being able to use 3d printing and infinite computing &#91; become &#93; more productive than ever before .
she was tough , she was strong , she was powerful .
we told her stories and assured her that we were still with her .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that i would do so and i would be able to take care of my attending &apos;s patients without even having to contact him .
and their pupils would dilate , they would  UNK  , then they would look down and swallow hard and start to tell me their stories .
it &apos;s able to generate a thousand liters of clean drinking water a day out of any source -- saltwater , polluted water , latrine -- at less than two cents a liter .
that &apos;s where the dramatic increases have come in our prison population .
politics is not changing ; government is changing .
in the other , i was  UNK  in lives that were precarious , tragically scarred by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
when i thought about my grandmother , of course she would think all her grandkids were special .
my first memories are from the boat -- the steady beat of the engine , the bow dipping into each wave , the vast and empty horizon .
lego has essentially taken the concrete block , the building block of the world , and made it into the building block of our imagination .
and that &apos;s when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
and they began building very special structures that did nothing but process information within the community .
there is a program that some of you might have heard of .
in the united states , the institute of medicine pegged it at 100,000 .
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you write this crazy motion ? &quot;
and what we are is we &apos;re at a point in time which is analogous to when single-celled organisms were turning into  UNK  organisms .
three times out of 10 .
mr. jain himself is on the loose ; nobody knows where he is .
and that &apos;s important .
we love entertainment .
my mother asked us to feel her hand .
you put a blue to a green , you can make light .
and for me that means spending time thinking and talking about the poor , the disadvantaged , those who will never get to ted .
there will be this little blood pressure meter connected to an iphone or something or other .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
add this buzzer for some extra punch and you &apos;ve created a noise machine .
it &apos;s just really about combining different realities .
what &apos;s that new state that the world is heading toward ?
probably the best part of it is what &apos;s coming down the pike in health .
we love technology . we love creativity .
the transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled on top of each other to a world where everything was interactive .
and this video had actually been posted all the way back in january .
and i got in my car and i went to this courthouse .
this is the kind of innovation , empowered by this technology , that exists today .
because i have nothing to hide . &quot;
i &apos;ve tried looking at them and telling you how they work .
this is the result of faster computers being used to build faster computers .
this is a condition in which the heart fails , and instead of being able to pump all the blood forward , some of the blood backs up into the lung , the lungs fill up with blood , and that &apos;s why you have  UNK  of breath .
actually , i made two more mistakes .
think about it , that a masai warrior on a cellphone in the middle of kenya has better mobile  UNK  than president reagan did 25 years ago .
it is about taking that which was scarce and making it abundant .
and one time i was over there listening to these women talk , and after a couple of hours ms. parks turned to me and she said , &quot; now  UNK  , tell me what the equal justice initiative is .
we &apos;ll just -- we can just skip -- i &apos;ll just skip through the video instead ...
we know perfectly where all the atms are about the city of  UNK  .
it was called the automatic binding brick .
in fact , we redefine what poverty means .
what will they consume ? what will they desire ?
as you can see , these images aren &apos;t really special .
vicious cartels .  UNK  five :  UNK  cruise lines .
and what &apos;s under that is what we call bureaucracy .
when a friend of mine told me that i needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle  UNK  in new york city , i admit i wasn &apos;t very interested .
and i have to tell you , it was  UNK  .
but i do remember the lights on the oil rig off the  UNK  coast and the young man who collapsed and died , the journey &apos;s end too much for him , and the first apple i tasted , given to me by the men on the rig .
and not even like a tech company , but more like the internet itself .
and so we have three strikes laws that put people in prison forever for stealing a bicycle , for low-level property crimes , rather than making them give those resources back to the people who they  UNK  .
but we &apos;re taking something very complicated , turning it into sound , sequences of sounds , and producing something very complicated in your brain .
all of napoleon &apos;s troops were fed with silver  UNK  , napoleon himself with gold  UNK  .
what would it feel like to be living in a world where the nation state of germany was executing people , especially if they were disproportionately jewish ?
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
so the first rule is that photos combined should have the same perspective .
and yet , we don &apos;t quite understand the options of it .
i will never forget it .
and i came out of medical school with the impression that if i memorized everything and knew everything , or as much as possible , as close to everything as possible , that it would immunize me against making mistakes .
so now we &apos;ve  UNK  up the time scales once again .
but one fellow in particular , a guy named erik  UNK  , noticed something else , and that &apos;s that citizens are shoveling out sidewalks right in front of these things .
four years ago here at ted , ray kurzweil and i started a new university called singularity university .
that could be shoveling out a hydrant , pulling a weed , turning over a garbage can with an opossum in it .
they are frustrated as hell with it , but they &apos;re not complaining about it , they &apos;re fixing it .
in fact , one of the things that i did just for amusement purposes is we can now write things in this code .
we &apos;re seeing this process feeding back on itself .
and an hour or two later , if i saw her , she &apos;d come over to me and she &apos;d say , &quot;  UNK  , do you still feel me hugging you ? &quot;
and she &apos;d squeeze me so tight i could barely breathe and then she &apos;d let me go .
and every year we ask them to start a company or a product or a service that can affect positively the lives of a billion people within a decade .
but combined , they can create something like this .
crisis . death . disaster .
and she &apos;d say , &quot; well what are you going to do when you get here ? &quot;
i gave her my whole rap , and when i finished she looked at me and she said , &quot; mmm mmm mmm . &quot;
introduce some mutations perhaps .
somehow by ways that we don &apos;t quite understand , these little drops learned to write down information .
and also , tan &apos;s mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
we have the tools with this exponential technology .
and the judge has certified him as an adult , but i see this kid .
jeopardy &apos;s not an easy game .
and i would look at her and i &apos;d smile , but she was very serious .
and i started working on this motion , and the head of the motion was : &quot; motion to try my poor , 14-year-old black male client like a privileged , white  UNK  corporate executive . &quot;
huh . hang on a moment .
this is not a finished story .
UNK  , creative participating communities , complete  UNK  , these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity .
and over the next two or three days , it was clear that she was never going to wake up .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates who came many times , but were  UNK  by the  UNK  of the men on our boat , or the engine dying and failing to start for six hours .
now i &apos;m an optimist , so i sort of think it &apos;s probably going to do something like that .
and he had a sip of this beer and he gave some to my sister and she had some , and they offered it to me .
this is the work of the very smart people at the office of new urban mechanics in boston .
wealth , not  UNK  , shapes outcomes .
i personally don &apos;t accept this , that the building block of our time is reserved for experts , so i decided to change that .
they sort of go like this .
because that &apos;s where the real work of government happens .
some bacteria figured out how to stay away from penicillin , and it went around sort of creating its little dna information with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
for example , how a  UNK  works , or why an elevator door stays open , or how an ipod responds to touch .
but for african americans in this country , that was an era defined by terror .
he is a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been balanced on the single hope of his country &apos;s unity and freedom .
it &apos;s just a quick video of what we do .
a lot of my clients are very young .
now how did he come to be looking for help in this very unique manner ?
so i followed my hunches .
photos like this : construction going on along a busy road .
and in fact , i know , i &apos;m very confident that they do the job because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
and i was up too late one night and i starting thinking , well gosh , if the judge can turn you into something that you &apos;re not , the judge must have magic power .
and despite that , it retains a level of realism .
and she points out other people &apos;s mistakes , not in a gotcha way , but in a loving , supportive way so that everybody can benefit .
in high school , a  UNK  once said that brian goldman would study for a blood test .
in fact , their life depended on doing the job .
i sent her home without speaking to my attending .
this is happening to us today .
and as humans , we are far better at seeing the problems way in advance , but ultimately we knock them down .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
this country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
it will get to you .
and that &apos;s nothing .
UNK  , you &apos;ve struck a massive chord here .
and people started coming in because they were just outraged .
and also , even though it &apos;s plotted on a log curve on the left , it &apos;s  UNK  upwards .
let me tell you about some of the pieces .
i am a redefined physician .
what creates the illusion ?
now we talk about water wars .
and rather than having economic  UNK  , we &apos;re about to have the biggest economic injection ever .
and i realized at the same time that it is okay to be an outsider , a recent arrival , new on the scene -- and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
and mass incarceration , in my judgment , has fundamentally changed our world .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
at the end of that , i end up with programs that are absolutely perfect at sorting numbers .
a school uniform down to the ankles , because it had to last for six years .
i said , &quot; well , what are you talking about ? &quot;
but what about this day , this one particular friday ?
and within that binder were notes from a company based in germany which had sold the egyptian government a set of tools for  UNK  -- and in very large scale -- all the communication of the citizens of the country .
rebecca black &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
and in fact , sometimes it takes it by methods that we don &apos;t quite even understand .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two or three years , we can &apos;t keep up with it .
it connected deeply with something in me about identity , about the capacity of every person to contribute to a community , to a perspective that is hopeful .
oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
legendary -- as in ted williams legendary -- the last major league baseball player to hit over 400 during a regular season .
boston doesn &apos;t just have a call center .
i think if somebody tells a lie , they &apos;re not just a liar .
he types &quot; opossum &quot; into this official knowledge base .
today we can point at dozens of companies that have done just that .
and my patients aren &apos;t cars ; they don &apos;t tell me their symptoms in the same way each time .
UNK  are electronic modules with each one specific function .
it &apos;s got one knob , on / off .
and i did well , i graduated with honors ,  UNK   UNK  .
now i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
so it &apos;s more about capturing an idea than about capturing a moment really .
on my show , on &quot; white coat , black art , &quot; i made it a habit of saying , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; i would say to everybody from  UNK  to the chief of cardiac surgery , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; what about yours ? &quot; and i would point the microphone towards them .
but there &apos;s another thing .
so there &apos;s an opportunity to change that .
either it &apos;s going to turn into a sort of classical  UNK  like this , until something totally different comes along , or maybe it &apos;s going to do this .
&quot; because you have been holding it since this morning , &quot; he said .
because evolution could now happen within an individual .
they come from the ideas in our mind that are also fueled by some conviction in our heart .
UNK  .
over the last hundred years , the average human lifespan has more than doubled , average per capita income adjusted for inflation around the world has tripled .
it &apos;s about the nuance of human language .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
cloud computing , what my friends at autodesk call infinite computing ; sensors and networks ; robotics ; 3d printing , which is the ability to democratize and distribute personalized production around the planet ; synthetic biology ; fuels , vaccines and foods ; digital medicine ;  UNK  ; and a.i.
there &apos;s a guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw this app and realized that he could use it , not for snow , but to get citizens to adopt tsunami sirens .
i spend most of my time in very low-income communities in the projects and places where there &apos;s a great deal of hopelessness .
is it something about the light ?
so go ahead and start inventing .
&quot; just do it , &quot; she said , &quot; and don &apos;t be what you &apos;re not . &quot;
it &apos;s really a pretty amazing invention if you think about it .
one i thought had a kidney stone .
and she said the three words : do you remember ?
and he knew her , he would have been able to  UNK  additional information about her .
so let &apos;s project this analogy going forward .
but in the end , it comes down to how we interpret the world and how it can be realized on a two-dimensional surface .
in sending her home , i  UNK  a little voice deep down inside that was trying to tell me , &quot; goldman , not a good idea . don &apos;t do this . &quot;
and we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture .
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year that took three people about two and a half months .
all the dollars were allocated and extra tuition in english and mathematics was  UNK  for regardless of what missed out , which was usually new clothes ; they were always secondhand .
i mean , as mentioned earlier , one of the biggest stars in the world right now , justin bieber , got his start on youtube .
and my job was to stay awake until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
the third one is about making it impossible to distinguish where the different images begin and end by making it seamless .
and i was shocked and shaken to the core .
so when they &apos;re faced with the problem of government , they don &apos;t care as much about using their voices .
and this is an example of the ways that our own governments are using technology against us , the citizens .
and in fact , we &apos;re such a  UNK  community .
we settled in  UNK  , a working-class suburb whose demographic is layers of immigrants .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunami sirens work , but people steal the batteries out of them .
and he kept looking through the window , and he could hear all of this holler .
and yet , in this country , in the states of the old south , we execute people -- where you &apos;re 11 times more likely to get the death penalty if the victim is white than if the victim is black , 22 times more likely to get it if the defendant is black and the victim is white -- in the very states where there are buried in the ground the bodies of people who were  UNK  .
the second major group of attackers that we are watching today are not motivated by money .
he had a potentially life-threatening condition called  UNK  .
we were told afterward that if that had gone through normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and it would have cost about two million dollars .
and i think it starts with one physician , and that &apos;s me .
i still don &apos;t know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
they &apos;re using their hands .
it &apos;s not just code for america fellows , there are hundreds of people all over the country that are standing and writing civic apps every day in their own communities .
we &apos;ve all got navigation controls in our car .
twice in one emergency shift , i missed  UNK  .
if you &apos;re a doctor you can do some good things , but if you &apos;re a caring doctor you can do some other things .
because we live on a water planet .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
now take the same patient with chest pain , make them moist and  UNK  and put a little bit of alcohol on their breath , and suddenly my history is  UNK  with contempt .
and we want to make this material accessible to everyone .
what do you think a batting average for a cardiac surgeon or a nurse practitioner or an orthopedic surgeon , an  UNK  , a  UNK  is supposed to be ?
and after about 15 or 20 minutes of this , she got up and she came across the room and she took me by the hand and she said , &quot; come on ,  UNK  . you and i are going to have a talk . &quot;
it was a way that parents could figure out which were the right public schools for their kids .
we want to encourage a world of creators , of inventors , of contributors , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
it &apos;s not our problem .
in fact , i  UNK  the headlines looking for the best headline in a newspaper i could .
but so many over the years were helped .
my mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double shifts .
we have a hard time talking about race , and i believe it &apos;s because we are unwilling to commit ourselves to a process of truth and reconciliation .
but it &apos;s doing something that no other government technology does .
i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t feel right about that . y &apos;all go ahead . y &apos;all go ahead . &quot;
they sell certificates .
as of next week , it will soon be available .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous confidence in the future is the fact that we are now more empowered as individuals to take on the grand challenges of this planet .
it &apos;s a cute little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
if we were captured , first my sister and i , then she and my grandmother would drink .
and there are projects like this at every level of government .
and chicago just rolled it out to get people to sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows .
but where would be the nearest  UNK  to help this patient ?
so now , evolution can take place on a scale of microseconds .
there &apos;s been this huge decline in crime in america over the last three decades .
today , there are 2.3 million .
privacy is not up for discussion .
and she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot;
i &apos;m going to focus on one stat that i hope a lot of you have heard of .
any one of you could be famous on the internet by next saturday .
and because nothing is more important to us than survival , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient sliver of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
my mother phoned minutes later .
my cousins would be running around everywhere .
even in the first seven days , there was one parody for every other day of the week .
and these were the things she thought we needed to commit to .
and the nurse thought about it and said very  UNK  , &quot; yeah , i think she &apos;ll do okay . &quot;
the great increase in mass incarceration in this country wasn &apos;t really in violent crime categories .
he was placed on  UNK  antibiotics and he recovered after a few days .
you see , even though aluminum is  UNK  percent of the earth by mass , it doesn &apos;t come as a pure metal .
the next piece of the jigsaw is of a boat in the early dawn slipping silently out to sea .
centers were established .
and this referendum would propose having those dollars go to law enforcement and safety .
this is moore &apos;s law over the last hundred years .
slowly but surely , it lifted .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- motivated by protests , motivated by an opinion , motivated by the laughs .
and i felt really good .
she &apos;s supportive when other people talk about their mistakes .
she &apos;s doing a lot better this year . she &apos;s on the comeback trail .
so the system is evolving to create backups that make it easier to detect those mistakes that humans inevitably make and also  UNK  in a loving , supportive way places where everybody who is observing in the health care system can actually point out things that could be potential mistakes and is rewarded for doing so , and especially people like me , when we do make mistakes , we &apos;re rewarded for coming clean .
well this is a really extraordinary honor for me .
and people will be able , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , send it into their doctor and eventually share it with others , for instance , for over a hundred dollars .
the process is feeding on itself and becoming , i guess ,  UNK  is the word for it -- when something reinforces its rate of change .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in  UNK  and sat around her  UNK  .
now that &apos;s sort of just a very simple chemical form of life , but when things got interesting was when these drops learned a trick about abstraction .
if we take a look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can group the attacks based on the attackers .
and to my horror , not only had i written it , but i had sent it to court .
why didn &apos;t i ask my attending ? why did i send her home ?
we &apos;re trying to end mass incarceration . &quot;
he is my grandfather .
now the amygdala is our early warning detector , our danger detector .
the greatest fear was of pirates , rape and death .
i represent people on death row .
all right , let &apos;s go .
so if you go back about two and a half billion years , the earth was this big , sterile  UNK  of rock with a lot of chemicals floating around on it .
and then seattle decided to use it to get citizens to clear out clogged storm drains .
but this image is actually entirely composed of photographs from different locations .
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistake i did . &quot;
and over the course of the next hour and a half or two , she started to feel better .
that all of our survival is tied to the survival of everyone .
that when we actually don &apos;t care about these difficult things , the positive and wonderful things are nonetheless implicated .
thank you .
in the future , the majority of crime will be happening online .
16 terawatts of energy hits the earth &apos;s surface every 88 minutes .
now the next step that happened is within these communities .
number one , how smooth it is -- through good time and bad time , war time and peace time , recession , depression and boom time .
in other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude in performance scale .
and it wasn &apos;t because of my attending ; he was a doll .
and those applications let us use our hands to make our communities better .
the other thing we would like to ask is of companies also all over the world that will be able to help us  UNK  these  UNK  .
but our lives are much more than our memories .
in south africa , people understood that we couldn &apos;t overcome apartheid without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
the second mistake that i made was worse .
she opened a computer store then studied to be a  UNK  and opened another business .
and because of that there &apos;s this basic human dignity that must be respected by law .
and she &apos;s hitting a  UNK  .
i spend most of my time in jails , in prisons , on death row .
add to that the cost of food , electricity , transportation , communication have dropped 10 to  UNK  .
famine in somalia . police pepper spray .
like here , we have mr.  UNK   UNK  from the city of kiev in ukraine .
we want to make every single interaction in the world into a  UNK  brick .
now how many times have we elected a political leader -- and sometimes we spend a lot of energy getting a new political leader elected -- and then we sit back and we expect government to reflect our values and meet our needs , and then not that much changes ?
i believe we need to do more to help people who are  UNK  by crime , not do less .
childhood mortality has come down a factor of 10 .
over the next few weeks , i beat myself up and i experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our culture of medicine -- where i felt alone , isolated , not feeling the healthy kind of shame that you feel , because you can &apos;t talk about it with your colleagues .
if you should ever have the chance to staff your city &apos;s call center , as our fellow scott  UNK  did as part of the program -- in fact , they all do that -- you will find that people call government with a very wide range of issues , including having an opossum stuck in your house .
if so , that means that what we &apos;re in the middle of right now is a transition .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t do things the same way each time .
the thing is becoming faster and that &apos;s why i think it seems so confusing .
i can remember that like it was yesterday .
then finally she said , &quot; the third thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll never drink alcohol . &quot;
so for example , in the most extreme cases , we can actually evolve a program by starting out with random sequences of instructions .
and the only challenge was that she had 10 children .
she said , &quot; the first thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always love your mom . &quot;
and she works in a culture of medicine that acknowledges that human beings run the system , and when human beings run the system , they will make mistakes from time to time .
and his answer was yes .
now that takes some doing , especially when you work in a hospital that at the time saw but 14 people a night .
so i can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution on that within the computer in a few minutes , or in the complicated cases , in a few hours .
and you know that business about people not wanting to talk about their worst cases ?
this is alfred  UNK  .
and i was catapulted from one piece of the jigsaw to another , and their edges didn &apos;t fit .
he said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the death penalty in germany .
before i close though , let me tell you about my grandmother .
but really what they &apos;re doing is they &apos;re showing what &apos;s possible with technology today .
and i had a client who was 14 years old , a young , poor black kid .
imagine him as the communists enter  UNK  , confronting the fact that his life had been a complete waste .
you see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a  UNK  force .
it &apos;s true .
perhaps instead , it &apos;s the  UNK  brought to us of what &apos;s really going on .
but then there was another really interesting step where things became completely different , which is these cells started exchanging and communicating information , so that they began to get communities of cells .
so the first steps of the story that i told you about took a billion years a piece .
what will these people want ?
and it &apos;s been an incredible experience .
i know this might be broadcast broadly .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
now in order to do that i &apos;m going to have to talk about a bunch of stuff that really has nothing to do with technology and computers .
somehow she found time to study english and gain it qualifications .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
i &apos;m human . i make mistakes .
we &apos;re actually projecting in another 10 years the level of  UNK  will be as high as it &apos;s been since prior to the passage of the voting rights act .
it &apos;s not our struggle .
good , really good , maybe an  UNK  .
and by the way , the biggest protection against a population explosion is making the world educated and healthy .
i said , &quot; yes , sir . i did . &quot; and we started arguing .
and i &apos;d go over there and i would , i would just listen .
and let &apos;s reproduce them by a process of  UNK  analogous to sex . &quot;
instead , what i do and what the designers at thinking machines do is we think at some level of abstraction and then we hand it to the machine and the machine takes it beyond what we could ever do , much farther and faster than we could ever do .
it &apos;s a lobster made of  UNK  that &apos;s afraid of the dark .
and ms. parks used to come back to montgomery every now and then , and she would get together with two of her dearest friends , these older women ,  UNK   UNK  who was the organizer of the montgomery bus boycott -- amazing african american woman -- and virginia  UNK  , a white woman , whose husband , clifford  UNK  , represented dr. king .
here &apos;s an example of a project they made , a  UNK   UNK  canon ball .
so an organism could , for instance , learn not to eat a certain kind of fruit because it tasted bad and it got sick last time it ate it .
i mean , that was epic .
we would never do that in our own countries .
hey , why not ?
now a lot of people have given up on government .
here i have a very complicated , messy , confused idea in my head .
we &apos;re trying to end life without parole sentences for children .
my mom was the youngest of her 10 kids .
by 2020 , that &apos;s going from two billion to five billion internet users .
and i memorized everything .
and when i listened to her chest with a stethoscope , i could hear  UNK  sounds on both sides that told me that she was in congestive heart failure .
they say you never forget the names of those who die .
and it showed that , in fact , today , the human pattern recognition machinery is better at folding proteins than the best computers .
i want you to notice two things from this curve .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . that &apos;s okay . you all go ahead . i &apos;m not going to have any beer . &quot;
but today , it goes beyond that .
and the best part about it is they snap together with magnets .
and then at my worst moments : why did i make such a stupid mistake ?
we live on a planet 70 percent covered by water .
and try that again and do that for another generation .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be a  UNK  resident .
and there &apos;s nothing  UNK  in the history of technology development of this kind of  UNK  growth where you go by orders of magnitude every few years .
this is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer .
and because of that , we really haven &apos;t understood what it &apos;s meant to do the things we &apos;ve done historically .
but the king of  UNK  , he was fed with aluminum  UNK  .
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on twitter .
if you are a suspect in a criminal case , well it &apos;s pretty obvious , your phone will be tapped .
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; she &apos;d assault me again , and if i said , &quot; yes , &quot; she &apos;d leave me alone .
you know that healthy kind , when you betray a secret that a best friend made you promise never to reveal and then you get busted and then your best friend confronts you and you have terrible discussions , but at the end of it all that sick feeling guides you and you say , i &apos;ll never make that mistake again .
and if they &apos;re on a smartphone on google , they &apos;ve got access to more knowledge and information than president clinton did 15 years ago .
and this is a new thing that we talk about technology on  UNK  curves .
at the end of each day , i made a huge pot of soup which we all shared .
and at about the nine day mark , they let her go -- mrs.  UNK  , a wife , a mother and a grandmother .
and that &apos;s when ms.  UNK  leaned forward , she put her finger in my face , she said , &quot; that &apos;s why you &apos;ve got to be brave , brave , brave . &quot;
and out of the corner of my eye , i could see this janitor pacing back and forth .
make techniques that are easy to use and start with this to embrace patients in the team .
thank you very much .
think about that , the fact that , literally , a group of students can touch the lives of a billion people today .
i &apos;m sorry about that , but i strive to learn one thing that i can pass on to other people .
and then she said , &quot; i just need you to promise me three things ,  UNK  . &quot;
and she was barely breathing and she was blue .
so this is great . this is the digital meeting the physical .
tan le , anonymous  UNK  resident , was now tan le , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in venues she had never heard of and into homes whose existence she could never have imagined .
let me share and close with a story that really got me excited .
so to me it felt like photography was more about being at the right place and the right time .
so what could three billion rising , healthy , educated , productive members of humanity bring to us ?
steve pinker has showed us that , in fact , we &apos;re living during the most peaceful time ever in human history .
so all you need to do is snap a blue to a green and very quickly you can start making larger circuits .
and when i listened to her , she was making a  UNK  sound .
switch out the knob for a pulse module , which is here , and now you &apos;ve made a little  UNK  .
these guys make their fortunes online , but they make it through the illegal means of using things like banking  UNK  to steal money from our bank accounts while we do online banking , or with  UNK  to collect our credit card information while we are doing online shopping from an infected computer .
we have our cognitive biases , so that i can take a perfect history on a patient with chest pain .
my goodness , we &apos;re going to hit 70 percent penetration of cellphones in the developing world by the end of 2013 .
now let &apos;s take this back into my world of medicine where i &apos;m a lot more comfortable , or perhaps a bit less comfortable after what i &apos;m going to talk to you about .
this happens to be a slide of some analysis that we were doing about the power of  UNK  microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
but perhaps that &apos;s not the case .
because at that point , an individual -- learning could happen within the time span of a single organism , instead of over this evolutionary time span .
and if you look at the way that the chemicals got organized , we begin to get a pretty good idea of how they do it .
the politics of fear and anger have made us believe that these are problems that are not our problems .
writing down the dna was an interesting step .
and police officers were coming in and assistant prosecutors and clerk workers .
this is the call center for the services and information line .
i &apos;m just talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
then she sat me down and she looked at me and she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve been watching you . &quot;
he &apos;s the dude on the left .
so by matching color , contrast and brightness in the borders between the different images , adding photographic defects like depth of field ,  UNK  colors and noise , we erase the borders between the different images and make it look like one single image , despite the fact that one image can contain hundreds of layers basically .
now look at this curve .
so this allows us now to begin to start functioning as a single organism .
and that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
and &#91; we &apos;re &#93; asking all of our colleagues in the rest of the world , colleague universities , to help us to find and work and act like a hub to  UNK  all these  UNK  all around the world .
and he whispered in my ear .
an entire remix community  UNK  up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of .
they had to worry about being bombed .
well every one of those generations just takes a few milliseconds .
you should ask for some of that .
and yet , there is this disconnect .
and when these individuals went and looked at who was the best protein folder in the world , it wasn &apos;t an mit professor , it wasn &apos;t a caltech student , it was a person from england , from manchester , a woman who , during the day , was an executive assistant at a rehab clinic and , at night , was the world &apos;s best protein folder .
and then we look at cases like what happened in  UNK  .
it was fascinating because one of the scholars stood up after the presentation and said , &quot; well you know it &apos;s deeply troubling to hear what you &apos;re talking about . &quot;
and now let &apos;s reproduce the ones that sorted numbers the best .
well it was a friday , this is true .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
it mixed with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera , the process was in the planning instead .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
jimmy  UNK  posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become .
and you can actually say things here that have impacts around the world .
but each time , they were gnawing at me , eating at me .
she shares her experience with others .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of units of this in the developing world .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i am ,  UNK  , almost a generation older than most of them .
and if we have abundant energy , we also have abundant water .
how can a judge turn you into something that you &apos;re not ?
when this device sequences an rna or dna virus that it doesn &apos;t recognize , it calls the cdc and prevents the pandemic from happening in the first place .
and on a cloudy day , there was a crack in the clouds and the sun started to come out and i wondered , maybe i could feel better again .
we do . as rational as we are , as committed to intellect as we are .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the  UNK  .
now i would like to have my own children , and i wonder about the boat .
i think we have to do something about a piece of the culture of medicine that has to change .
now there &apos;s a very large community of people that are building the tools that we need to do things together effectively .
my mother was exhausted each night , but we told one another about our day and listened to the movements of my grandmother around the house .
and similar to &quot; double rainbow , &quot; it seems to have just  UNK  up out of nowhere .
but ultimately , those realities are  UNK  by suffering , abuse , degradation , marginalization .
ultimately , you judge the character of a society , not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the condemned , the incarcerated .
and you saw  UNK  &apos;s little evolutionary example where he sort of did a little bit of evolution on the  UNK  program right before your eyes .
it &apos;s no wonder that people think that the world is getting worse .
it was inconceivable to her that she would not succeed .
and i saw mrs.  UNK  , and she was  UNK  .
grants and sponsors were sought .
no had never been an option .
well in egypt , the  UNK  looted the headquarters of the egyptian secret police in april 2011 , and when they were looting the building they found lots of papers .
in urban communities across this country -- los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young men of color are in jail or prison or on probation or parole .
and if that  UNK  out , which i have every confidence it will , coca-cola will deploy this globally to  UNK  countries around the planet .
and yeah , i even turned the house on top of the island red to make it look more swedish .
it &apos;s called batting average .
the redefined physician is human , knows she &apos;s human , accepts it , isn &apos;t proud of making mistakes , but strives to learn one thing from what happened that she can teach to somebody else .
never ever , ever make a mistake , but you worry about the details , about how that &apos;s going to happen .
and you make  UNK  and you never make that mistake again .
privacy is implied .
and so i did .
and finally , i believe that , despite the fact that it is so dramatic and so beautiful and so inspiring and so stimulating , we will ultimately not be judged by our technology , we won &apos;t be judged by our design , we won &apos;t be judged by our intellect and reason .
1,000 , very good .
they enabled us to to build things that were larger than us , buildings , bridges , one brick at a time .
and that means  UNK  , it means open , it means generative .
so that worked . so  UNK  for scott .
and i got into my car and i was feeling really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
so those are the three main attackers : criminals who do it for the money ,  UNK  like anonymous doing it for the protest , but then the last group are nation states , governments doing the attacks .
your skin cell is really useless without a heart cell , muscle cell , a brain cell and so on .
i talk about race and this question of whether we deserve to kill .
so i would like to say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic result .
to these  UNK  ,  UNK  became another material , electronics became just another material .
in both cases , they had their operations and they did okay .
how can i teach them about what i did so that they don &apos;t do the same thing ?
thank you .
in the 1980s in the communist eastern germany , if you owned a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
and we have three billion new minds coming online to work with us to solve the grand challenges , to do that which we must do .
and i went through the same period of shame and  UNK  and felt  UNK  and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
and the family gathered .
now would you please run all of those random sequences of instructions , run all of those programs , and pick out the ones that came closest to doing what i wanted . &quot;
life hadn &apos;t changed for centuries .
and that caused these cells -- that kept them happy for another billion years .
yet i am afraid of privilege , of ease , of entitlement .
he died broken by history .
it would be  UNK  .
we need to find ways to embrace these challenges , these problems , the suffering .
when this man saw me , he came over to me and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
so given a dozen news stories , we will  UNK  look at the negative news .
innovation , creativity , development comes not from the ideas in our mind alone .
so i got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane , but often there are  UNK  that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane .
there was an energy there , an  UNK  optimism , a strange mixture of humility and daring .
because it &apos;s in that  UNK  that we actually begin to understand truly profound things about who we are .
because being an insider can so easily mean collapsing the horizons , can so easily mean accepting the  UNK  of your province .
societal decay . 65 dead .
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot;
last month , i had the pleasure of announcing with  UNK  foundation something called the $ 10 million  UNK   UNK  x prize .
how can i speak in 10 minutes about the bonds of women over three generations , about how the astonishing strength of those bonds took hold in the life of a four-year-old girl huddled with her young sister , her mother and her grandmother for five days and nights in a small boat in the china sea more than 30 years ago , bonds that took hold in the life of that small girl and never let go -- that small girl now living in san francisco and speaking to you today ?
she had irreversible brain damage .
perhaps the tremendous progress we &apos;ve made over the last century by a series of forces are , in fact , accelerating to a point that we have the potential in the next three decades to create a world of abundance .
it &apos;s generally where you will get if you call  UNK  in your city .
so one citizen helped another citizen , but government played a key role here .
i wanted to retreat to the routines and comfort of life in an  UNK  suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending each day as they had for almost 20 years , telling one another the story of their day and falling asleep , the three of us still in the same bed .
and we were kind of just out there doing the stuff we  UNK  did .
they learned to record the information that was the recipe of the cell onto a particular kind of chemical called dna .
so i think the basics are quite simple .
here we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects , something we all can relate to living in a three-dimensional world .
so what i would like to talk about is what that could be , what that transition could be that we &apos;re going through .
we all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians -- and when i was younger , that seemed so very , very hard to do .
thank you .
i think if somebody takes something that doesn &apos;t belong to them , they &apos;re not just a thief .
now i design computers for a living , and i know that the mechanisms that i use to design computers would be impossible without recent advances in computers .
and it all connects us together into something that is much bigger and much faster and able to evolve than what we were before .
and i didn &apos;t learn about this actually practicing law and doing the work that i do .
they had sold this tool for  UNK  euros to the egyptian government .
so this is a story of napoleon iii in the  UNK  .
my state of alabama , like a number of states , actually permanently  UNK  you if you have a criminal conviction .
if i had really been a  UNK  , i would have put it into a virus and released it in the room .
there &apos;s nanotechnology coming on ,  UNK  .
UNK  ,  UNK  !
in fact , so lacking in confidence was i that i actually asked the nurse who was looking after mrs.  UNK  , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay if she goes home ? &quot;
so western governments are providing totalitarian governments with tools to do this against their own citizens .
you had to register a sample sheet of text out of the typewriter .
i just see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces of reality and put it together to create alternate reality .
he talked to the family , and i &apos;m quite sure that he  UNK  things over and made sure that i didn &apos;t get sued .
groups like anonymous have risen up over the last 12 months and have become a major player in the field of online attacks .
so let &apos;s look at what this last century has been to see where we &apos;re going .
do we really think we &apos;re going to get where we need to go without fixing the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
words , for so long his friends , now mocked him .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
underpinning much of this is technology , and of late , exponentially growing technologies .
she reminded me that i was now the same age she had been when we boarded the boat .
it &apos;s not moving like that .
because that &apos;s what you do when your name is yosemite mountain bear .
so what was the next step ?
but it &apos;s that contempt that keeps this thing that we own and we pay for as something that &apos;s working against us , this other thing , and then we &apos;re  UNK  ourselves .
what does it mean ?
the smells from shop doors were from the rest of the world .
so they survived or they failed together , which means that if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were repeated more and they were favored by evolution .
then he looked at me real hard and he said , &quot; oh , i hope you &apos;re not still hung up on that conversation mama had with you . &quot;
i ordered some fluids to  UNK  him and asked my colleague to reassess him .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
what would you say to someone who believed that ?
and my grandmother was tough , but she was also loving .
her mother raised her alone .
wooo !
what they need is a redefined medical culture .
that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being  UNK  active .
so i spoke out on youth unemployment and education and the neglect of the marginalized and the disenfranchised .
and the room got very quiet , and this woman said , &quot; there &apos;s no way , with our history , we could ever engage in the systematic killing of human beings .
let me show you how they work .
this may sound strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of the concrete block .
we set up a website and asked the crowd , &quot; if you see an  UNK  , please submit it , tell us where it is , tell us when it &apos;s open , &quot; since sometimes in office hours sometimes it &apos;s closed , of course .
some of my  UNK  have been in the last five years .
opossum ? check . living ? yep .
and i think all of us here are a part of producing whatever that next thing is .
and i finally got out of the car and i started walking up to the courthouse .
i sometimes get out of balance . i &apos;ll end with this story .
it sorts and  UNK  through all of the information looking for anything in the environment that might harm us .
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
he said , &quot; when we were in eastern europe and dealing with oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , an orientation of the spirit , a willingness to sometimes be in hopeless places and be a witness . &quot;
today i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
well  UNK  is a  UNK
and one of the things we did at  UNK  university is we appointed a chief listening officer .
can i give them a bow in their lives , dipping bravely into each wave , the  UNK  and steady beat of the engine , the vast horizon that guarantees nothing ?
so given all of our digital devices that are bringing all the negative news to us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , it &apos;s no wonder that we &apos;re pessimistic .
sometimes those ideas get ahead of our thinking in ways that are important .
is it something about the details or the colors ?
it &apos;s a question of freedom against control .
and of course , we can never have the death penalty in germany . &quot;
for the first time , this year the cost of  UNK  electricity is 50 percent that of  UNK  electricity in india --  UNK  rupees versus 17 rupees .
but if i could give it and still see them safely through , i would .
in 2010 , we had just short of two billion people online , connected .
and that &apos;s a very sensible question .
i don &apos;t know .
so in other words , i define what i wanted .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you might hear about some other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
we are living into extraordinary decades ahead .
and then , so if you can just turn on the slide that &apos;s on .
when we create the right kind of identity , we can say things to the world around us that they don &apos;t actually believe makes sense .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can capture really , but i always want it to look like it could have been captured somehow as a photograph .
no .
and this is exactly what happened with the case of  UNK  .
i gave her medications that we call  UNK  , water pills , to get her to pee out the access fluid .
and finally , this older black man with this very worried look on his face came into the  UNK  and sat down behind me , almost at counsel table .
and charles kenny that global literacy has gone from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
now i think that the reason is because we all feel that something &apos;s happening there .
but i carried on with my work .
and yet , we have in this country this dynamic where we really don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
three months later i had relocated , and the adventure has continued .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that errors are absolutely ubiquitous .
somehow this isn &apos;t working out , is it ?
