and she reminded me that she took me out of the airfield , and it was my age .
so the neurons are the neural processing of cellular models .
kevin : what about this mean ?
i don &apos;t know how to sharpen the  UNK  .
the point is .
so it &apos;s got a little bit of these characteristics .
four years ago , stephen ritz and i introduced a new college called called  UNK  .
it &apos;s a game called  UNK  .
i started understanding , and i started to believe that every single one of us will not be defined by the worst side of our worst .
they &apos;ll use these tools to hack your computer monitors with a  UNK  , so that they give them all your communications , to send you online , sending your online data , collecting your password .
but together , they can create a picture like this .
when i listened to him , she &apos;s listening to my father &apos;s voice , told me , that &apos;s a  UNK  heart failure .
that &apos;s what we have .
in the future , most people will come online .
my intuition came out again .
i mean kids are  UNK  .
here &apos;s a  UNK  from lahore from  UNK   UNK  .
or are the light ?
and i thought , &quot; good luck , i &apos;ll be . &quot;
UNK   UNK  , who tackled the great leaders .
it was a legendary quote -- a brilliant singer -- who was a baseball stadium in baseball , and in the last four years , there was more than two degrees of foreigners in the  UNK  .
the cost of food , transportation , costs , 10 times less than 1,000 times .
my grandfather died due to prison .
and she doesn &apos;t have a kind of  UNK  duty , and just to give everyone else in a very positive way to understand the wrong things .
UNK   UNK  : what does this mean ?
it causes the form of cells that makes them happy .
UNK   UNK  : oh my god , oh my god , my god .
now i &apos;m an optimist , so i think it &apos;s probably going to be possible .
that voice has to stop .
it &apos;s not about what it is about , but it looks like we think what looks like .
and she puts her on the  UNK  .
relaxation during a time , a sergeant would think it was begging to court .
it &apos;s a  UNK  . it &apos;s pretty idyllic .
this is the argument . it doesn &apos;t matter .
the next string is about the new women in the women .
UNK  don &apos;t have the  UNK  .
so i &apos;m sorry , but i &apos;ll try to learn from learning and help others .
so i went back to my work at the clinic .
my mom had a few minutes ago .
we have online criminals .
we are on the turning point .
what happened ?
so if somebody needs to raise my business card , i &apos;m sure enough to everybody here and even everyone around the world .
and look at the curve .
hello . i &apos;m a kevin kelly . i &apos;m a  UNK  to analyze the manager of youtube .
when i think about my grandmother , of course , i think it &apos;s very special .
we express ourselves intuitively intuitively defined by our conclusion , for example , i could give the perfect record for a  UNK  patient .
if i was inspired by my law , i was able to co-opt all of the things that had to be done , and it wouldn &apos;t
i spent most of my incarceration , in prison , during the death room .
and i think we &apos;d like to think that this is one of the main causes of all of the major health care system in the health care system .
and today , how many of the political leaders of our political leaders -- and sometimes we spend a lot of effort to support a new political leaders in the political leadership -- and we expect our government to do something about the values that we need to do , but how does it change ?
this is the  UNK  .
these guys represent the  UNK  billion dollars of  UNK  billion dollars .
and yet , in this country , we were actually in the middle of the permian , when the chagos were killed by white settlers , not because you were dying by the age of a death row , when it was because you were black smokers to death row -- and they were dying in the united states .
well , of course , random samples are very low-tech , so it can &apos;t be done .
that &apos;s great .
and these programs enable us to take our own hands to our society .
to give them a sense of their lives , boldly ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , to the ,
even in the mobile phone .
i think this opportunity will help us .
it &apos;s a little quirky .
in other words , in the future , my travels in the future is increasing .
it takes each generation per second .
and the idea was going to put that money on the law and security .
secondly , it &apos;s got the same vibrations of light .
now , if this device reacts to a virus or a blockage , or not dna sequencing , it would call the  UNK  for disaster relief .
but if you put these objects together , it can create a visual object in the form of a visual object , and it &apos;s as if it &apos;s there .
we know that in the future , for the future , for 50 years , there &apos;s no reason why it &apos;s going to be so different from the future .
emmanuel ? very good .
we love the stand-up , right ?
so he leaves the citizens to get them .
and she got pissed off , and i got all the way down , and she would come back to me .
and what i want you to see is not the details of it , it &apos;s a form of form .
after i finished the end of the work , i took off the hospital . and i moved into a parking lot , and i did something that i couldn &apos;t do .
and when we think about these things , people respond to the fact that they &apos;re clearly wrong , but it sounds ridiculous , but because i &apos;m a legal citizen , and i &apos;m not going to really affect me .
and according to the physician of human nature , who understand humans , and she herself really loved it , and she didn &apos;t feel bad for them , but learn from them and learn from others .
and in fact , one of the things that i did was to do was test for adventure .
that &apos;s really bad .
so i &apos;m going to talk to how that &apos;s what we &apos;re going through .
and terrifying , it wasn &apos;t just that i was able to write the priest .
and if you think that this is an amazing thing , and it &apos;s just hard to imagine this video of three hours of the three emails .
and it &apos;s also true .
what i &apos;d like to talk to you about today is that we are criminal justice system .
and what i &apos;m saying is that the kind of thing that i &apos;m going to say is that it &apos;s going to happen if you &apos;re letting it out .
UNK  did that . when he noticed that the patient &apos;s got a cigarette , the connection between the patient .
and i wanted to go back to the end of the suburbs and the  UNK  -- the grandmother and the daughter two and four daughters live on , over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over , over three days , we had three nights in our beds .
it wasn &apos;t meant for me to have a moral obligation to restrictions on purpose .
this is true for all of us .
it &apos;s called  UNK  , and it &apos;s a lot of tribes , a lot of them discussion .
so how does this lead to kill people ?
but here &apos;s another thing .
so , for example , maybe it &apos;s going to lead a  UNK  or to go and look at the
if you &apos;re in your city , you will be connected to here .
in fact , i know that i &apos;m really confident , they &apos;re going to be tasks , because they come from the top 10 minutes to do that .
if he had a joke , he doesn &apos;t mean that he &apos;s a liar .
because ultimately , our humanity , depends on our humanity .
the point is that there is a or a group of scientists who are watching youtube videos and share their views on their own ideas .
number one , it &apos;s very ugly -- whatever the good time is good or bad , whether or war or peace .
we teach the students to look at technology , especially how we use these technological challenges to solve these big challenges .
and when you take a camera with a camera , when you take a round of light , the end of the bubble is over .
it &apos;s not participation . it &apos;s involved in  UNK  .
UNK   UNK  is a  UNK  member of a homo sapiens , a civil society , a civil society , invited to speak to a place that nobody ever had ever heard before .
i got a graduate student , and i was a kid , a young black kid .
i mean , it sounds ridiculous .
i was also facing the death penalty in germany .
no one knew that the parasite would be able to reproduce , and now you can find it .
so every morning i used every morning i skipped it , i skipped people , before people get up and say , &quot; i want you to say , &quot; hi , i &apos;m going to be here today . &quot;
why are we going to use the  UNK  curve ?
but this is also an example of a great example of government .
we have a kind of idea that when we give all the people wrong answers , and we &apos;ll get a safe system .
and also , there are 30 users in the meantime , for example , for example , for example , to join the challenges in partnership with the big challenge , and we &apos;ve got to do something .
i told my mother , i couldn &apos;t do it .
it recognizes that the government can become more productive -- it &apos;s not more like a corporate company , like a lot of people .
in fact , the whole thing is really quite a very simple way , i &apos;ll put my data into google maps .
when we decided to correct the right thing we can make all the world lessons from the world .
some people say you &apos;re never going to forget your name .
and then saddam hussein , she came up with her , and she said , &quot; that &apos;s why you are brave and brave brave . &quot;
but here &apos;s the problem with the death penalty .
and there are also the people who don &apos;t want to talk about the worst false papers .
if the technical technology advanced advanced technology , then , i could rotate a taxi in a 30 seconds and then in tokyo .
and i started making a title of his battalion : &quot; my poor man who wants to be a  UNK   UNK  and a half  UNK  . &quot;
and even though the left on the left is on the left , it &apos;s still  UNK  .
and that was the first time i realized that this is true .
so what we do is we put in a process in this process , and this happens during a timely period .
we have the potential to be able to explore with technology and entertainment , creativity and fairness and fairness .
you don &apos;t think of  UNK  .
because i believe that humans have a basic dignity of law has to respect it .
so if you &apos;re going to have a chance to raise your hometown in your hometown , like the founders of our project , we did this -- in fact , they all need to do the service -- and you &apos;ll find that people were able to find people in a very different problem .
it was donated by drugs .
politics is not changing , but the government is changing .
there &apos;s a lot of pizza .
UNK  ,  UNK  , egypt , egypt , syria .
all this guy did open-heart surgery and recovery .
he kept staring at this .
oh , that &apos;s day , one night , really .
she wants to share her experience with other people .
so these groups are starting to evolve over the interesting evolution of the fact that it &apos;s just one single one of these cells , but we call them as a species .
but no one &apos;s going to mention the word .
it makes us able to make something bigger than architecture , the bridges , the  UNK  .
the best part is probably the health care system .
it &apos;s just symbolism .
number three :  UNK   UNK  , communities and  UNK  .
i had no idea what i should do , and pick up the phone and give me a glimpse of this guy to give him a patient .
it &apos;s a time lapse .
i took the weight of my weight .
diver !
today , i &apos;m going to talk about a surprising discovery .
a few days later , we went to  UNK   UNK  , sitting on her shoulder .
and each of these classrooms have similar projects .
and if i were looking at the end of the day , what would i be afraid of  UNK  , who would i feel compelled ?
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
he was recalling me .
for example , in germany , it was a former exhibition named after a couple of weeks ago , one of the founders called  UNK   UNK  , which was called notorious official to report their own citizens .
would you like to hear it ? &quot;
we love innovation .
i believe that we need to employ more people to give them less than to them .
there are only two types of people who aren &apos;t going to be fearful , awkward and randomness and bad results .
that &apos;s it .
but what recently the surgeons can save the patient ?
what i &apos;m talking about is reactive .
so bear in this project we help us not only healthier , and it will be able to do it .
they were very disappointed , but they weren &apos;t complaining about it , and trying to improve it .
he talked about him , and i &apos;m sure he was going to make sure that i didn &apos;t get fired anymore .
and the older people are older now , to me and say , &quot; mr.  UNK  , you &apos;re telling you about what &apos;s going to happen to 9 / 11 years ago . &quot;
so  UNK  is open source .
people fear worried about being attacked .
and the pace of technology will accelerate speed and accelerating .
and i think that a picture of this picture is , if you look over a thousand years of time .
and that &apos;s what i felt like .
and i love my mom , i say , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to be , dear . &quot;
i mean , this is really exhilarating .
and at the end of my credit cards .
how do i teach them to keep them collapsing ?
i just started frowning .
thank you .
and this is a guy who &apos;s esther .
the only american is the only country in the world &apos;s going to be eaten in  UNK  countries .
a  UNK  false  UNK  .
it &apos;s a light bulb .
i personally believe that a place is a place to find a place because it doesn &apos;t matter because you don &apos;t have to shake the mind of your brain .
what do you need to help us ? &quot;
we didn &apos;t know that .
and then the seattle decided to send the recruitment to the drain .
lakshmi pratury : hidden in  UNK  bin laden .
the brain is one of the early days of our early  UNK  of  UNK  .
okay , thank you very much .
and i &apos;m not talking about the definition of the platform .
the solar energy consumption has halved .
we &apos;re actually trying to help these people .
and all of this is the technology of technology and technology .
so this is just one of the letters i got from my label .
next step , like the brain and the brain , for example .
i like this : &quot; watson broke the gods . &quot;
i actually learned from my grandmother .
the more i said , the more people invited me to speak .
on the one hand , i &apos;m typical african student , and it &apos;s particularly  UNK  .
this is what i found out in medical school .
these people know that we &apos;ve lost lost .
and as i walked into a place -- just like now , i don &apos;t know how to see me .
and very quickly became a building in the entire world .
and i gave her the back , and gave her medicines for the heart of the heart .
bunker 8 : a warning . katrina : stop .
so , i leaned out , when these groups were very close , and in fact , they moved together to determine the trade-off between the level of the line .
&quot; do you mind that ? &quot;
you can see what happens in the world .
now , 80 percent of the four percent of you have lost their vote .
venture capital and funding .
but ultimately , it &apos;s going to be coming out of how we understand how the world and how this understanding is embedded in a two-dimensional space .
and the judge said he was a adults , but i just saw a child .
last year we did the wall of the united states .
it &apos;s a gateway that allows people to form a amino acids , and analyze what the protein is folded .
yes ,  UNK  percent of seawater is the tip of the iceberg , and we &apos;re going to cut water in the world , but we still have hope .
but it can &apos;t be accepted .
my gosh , at the end of 2013 , the mobile telephony will be able to export 70 percent .
somehow we can &apos;t fully understand the way that we can understand it .
and more , more , we spend billions of dollars -- the gps and the  UNK  tv and the medical students and the medical record -- and not medical records -- not being pushed into the phone .
fifty percent of them are  UNK  , no .
there are no contracts within the history of the development of technology .
the thing is that , when you beat the promise of the promise of the warrior , the victory secrets , and he was told you that your doctor was looking for you , even though you were struggling with hostility , but you still struggle with yourself , and you can &apos;t tell yourself , i will never be the same mistake .
and what i learned is that the wrong is definitely everywhere .
you don &apos;t have 27 countries .
&quot; she &apos;s gone . &quot; she did it with the wrong way .
and we &apos;re trying to ask for all of the world companies around the world that can help us figure out these things .
so i did a  UNK  presentation , and when i end the end , she looked at me and she said , &quot; come on . &quot;
she said three three words : remember that ?
something happened to me .
it &apos;s hard to work every night .
i had nothing to hide . &quot;
and our next report said , &quot; i &apos;ve crossed this place , find a label behind the house .
the coast was taken to another .
there is a possibility of suffering from life , called  UNK  .
you know how they &apos;re supposed to call a  UNK  rate .
in fact , i was so confident that i couldn &apos;t even take care of my teenage care of teenage women , and i thought she said , &quot; do you think she makes it home ? &quot;
my brother said , &quot; come on , we &apos;ve just been dead in prison . &quot;
so one organism can be , for example , for example , to eat the fruit of the fruit , because it doesn &apos;t smell , and it doesn &apos;t eat .
in order to achieve a sequence , i think that &apos;s the most important thing to be .
i &apos;m sure i &apos;m going to have a better life .
we &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to .
i went to  UNK  , and i saw it as a teenager , and they were being treated as adults .
to do that for me , i have to introduce a bunch of things to do with technology and technology .
i was in a small group of mine in this village , and i got a small  UNK  in greenville with a  UNK   UNK  .
and that &apos;s because governments are just like a giant ocean , and it &apos;s just one of the most flat surface .
so ladies and gentlemen , giving me a new appreciation of the future , is that every single one of us are being constrained by the challenges of the world .
and all of these things often come together and talk about them .
i never lost his real life .
and she said , &quot; you are a special kid . &quot;
and the court said that the court didn &apos;t have a voice of  UNK  , like all the trappings of  UNK  .
some people say the part is partly attributable to a high incidence rate .
her brain had suffered the irreversible damage .
and at the same time , i can look at what &apos;s going on , and he can look at what &apos;s going on , and when i look at my weight , it &apos;s not going to wait for a long time when it comes to a heart attack , and when you look at a heart attack , it &apos;s going to look at the weight of the time .
he said , &quot; when we were dealing with the problems of terrorism , we were expecting to make a lot of accomplishments , but most importantly , we wanted to find a staircase between despair and despair . &quot;
there &apos;s an  UNK  technology .
so let &apos;s put it into account .
and so we even deceived our brains because it &apos;s a little bit disoriented , because the brain is not going to have this object that doesn &apos;t exist .
the nurse came up and said , &quot; well , i think there &apos;s no problem . &quot;
and this is really important .
i said , &quot; sir , i &apos;m writing . &quot; we started to argue .
that &apos;s never going to forget .
and she said , &quot; first , i want you to make sure you will love your mother . &quot;
but we don &apos;t know how it can be there .
but i kept asking myself these questions .
and this is what the lego dough is , and this is the sort of embedded in the real world , using this kind of bottom-up material that we built in our own imagination .
now what i want to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they &apos;re never going on forever .
the promise of the death penalty opponents , we don &apos;t have to be informed .
the state of this country will be bad for you , if you &apos;re guilty of poor people , not the innocent person .
our judicial system doesn &apos;t just change it , but it &apos;s turning around the face of poverty .
so if you &apos;re one of them , i want you to think of it , because a lot of things are changing .
and here &apos;s another version of the jigsaw puzzle .
and these are all these two pictures required them almost identical to the same light and the same light .
you can see it on google , but it &apos;s not about beating , but it &apos;s a  UNK  infection , and it &apos;s probably a  UNK  parasite .
and it goes back , and it &apos;s organic , organic .
it doesn &apos;t talk .
we &apos;re working on the same stage of how many thousands of experiences living organisms -- and we record them , we try to measure the way we deal with .
and then i &apos;ll just play the slide .
for a year , we didn &apos;t tolerate anything .
i just wanted to talk about a platform for people to help each other .
i had to get goose .
some of you may think this is just one of the  UNK  components of this .
solar is ...
there &apos;s even thousands of video .
and then you agree that it will dig it out .
he drank his beer beer , and she got my sister and she grabbed me , and they took me off .
my lips are everywhere .
okay , let &apos;s look at it .
i don &apos;t know .
this is the main reason why we &apos;re people in slavery .
aluminum was once the most precious metals in the world , more expensive than meth and  UNK  .
that &apos;s how we can achieve .
it &apos;s kind of a very simple chemical composition , but the process is fun , and it &apos;s interesting , and when these will not learn a lot of information .
my grandfather &apos;s disturbed me his life .
al dunlap is a  UNK   UNK  .
i had  UNK   UNK   UNK  , weights , weights , modified vibrations , each one of them out of the arteries of the aorta , and the common symptom of a very different subject .
and she said , &quot; why kermit the grandmother was , the rest of the house ? &quot;
i don &apos;t know what i &apos;m going to do with the maker of our age , only only experts can play , so i decided to change it .
it says , &quot; the computer , you get a million pounds .
but more importantly , more importantly , more importantly , this is a new generation of people who are trying to solve problems , and it &apos;s a stakeholder ethic .
i said , &quot; good luck . &quot;
what &apos;s going to happen to the arab spring ?
UNK  is a authority .
and of course , a lot of people will start off fire burning .
so , this is the key thing , when when you look at the data , not only able to control the control , but they can help us deal with the challenges , health care costs , etc .
this generation has been used to be used to them themselves .
in a medical knowledge program , in two hospitals , we can &apos;t get rid of this knowledge .
so for example , in the next five years , we &apos;re going to spend a billion dollars a year in california .
it &apos;s essentially the  UNK  of our newsroom in our age .
the trajectory of the oxygen are interesting .
this guy came to me and gave me a hug .
places like this , start off .
it &apos;s too easy to fail .
the nurse says  UNK  .
a couple of years ago , i set a prototype of technical biologists and design workers that were supposed to be disturbing the conditions that they could do -- they work for the year .
as a physician , you can help someone , if you &apos;re a doctor doctor , you can help more .
maybe i don &apos;t want to do a thorough quadriplegic .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m glad you &apos;re proud . &quot;
the central headquarters is there .
some people make toast .
it &apos;s like a virus .
and here is each of these images .
we want to resist the bald eagle . &quot;
the way the way to make the structure of the structure of the amino acids .
and i was really small as a little company , and it &apos;s going to lead us to put ourselves into our natural environment .
in fact , their life is this work .
over the past hundred years , human life expectancy increases twice as much of the human toll , and inflation tripled three times per year .
well , the answer is , if i take a look at the bottom curve , we say , this is a time lapse -- this is a time of time i &apos;m trying to draw a lot of technical technology , which is kind of ridiculous .
so , in a sense , it &apos;s better than we are .
and they took the tool to the gold medals .
and then i would say , just listening .
and that &apos;s happening today .
my mother ,  UNK  , 18 years later , 18 years later , a series of marriage , there were two  UNK  .
it shouldn &apos;t be here .
i had to admit to you that this gave me a  UNK  .
it takes a software to do software .
but if there appear like this happens .
have you ever meet these people ?
and he goes on .
and even on top of the weekend , there are different versions of glamour .
this is jane goodall , a  UNK  , etc .
this could happen in a lifetime of a body organism , and in this guise of structure , it was built in the special geometry , which evolved to replicate evolution , and by eating its own individual  UNK  .
we have these cases where we are in  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , who are using online .
so let me share this with a story , and i &apos;m excited .
for me , it was necessary for me .
and i would say , &quot; of course , ma , i want to be . &quot;
we seem to be on this line in the middle of the past .
california is a  UNK  program in california , and it costs a billion dollars to pay for 15 billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
today , i want to talk to you today , not just  UNK  , that &apos;s the name of the product , the name of the product .
the white settlers means the population .
and he saw me , and he walked up , and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
when i came back , there was a divorce black guy , the court of court .
now this conference , right now , you &apos;re talking about the future , and you can see that the future is in 2000 .
we &apos;ve got to make technologies affordable to change the patient &apos;s orbit .
what do you think about it ?
and every day , i do a whole bunch of them .
so imagine a bunch of students that can be affected by a billion people .
it was over time .
in fact , we are all globally .
and that &apos;s not because my wife &apos;s got ; it &apos;s very good .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; and i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
they &apos;re abstract . they are strange .
i &apos;m so happy .
and the telephone , the computer , the internet , the and on , all of this is our own mechanism , we &apos;re taking part of our institutions .
but the bear did not have the video of video video recording .
they appear from our intelligence and our desires of our desires .
but eventually these good things are being lost and  UNK  , the human rights , the human rights , the shadow of the human .
and the second errors i did was to make a serious mistake .
in south africa , people realize that we don &apos;t forget that we are honest , unless we talk about it .
and they all take a light to the light , the motors , or the transducer .
and when i got out of the medical school , i thought i &apos;d had a chance to understand everything -- or anything , all the other things -- and all of the things that i did was going to be pleased .
she &apos;s very , very strong .
i don &apos;t know .
and now i &apos;m working at  UNK  .
but what happened next happened , and of course , the secret .
for example , the most famous version that we know , is the language of human language .
in this case , it sends thousands of days on two days to see the video of the video , the only ones that we have .
i don &apos;t know how to link it .
now , our current generations of reputation will be our government , and our power will never lose forever .
but this is actually a whole picture of a series of photos from different parts of the place .
i drank a deck of my finger , and my sister got married . &quot;
and you can do that with this technology to be able to make a public service .
i talk about this because i think metaphorically self .
it could be possible by providing government to help people , but a neighbor has a little bit simpler and so on .
thirty billion people are seen by the new user interface .
UNK  .
this is the kind of bottom-up innovation that &apos;s been driven by technology .
in fact , these things are more effective than anything that i &apos;ve done .
you have to pick up samples of a text .
mr. teszler was still upset , and nobody knows where he was .
and this is a great example of government in the game .
by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , by the way , the best way is to make it more education than we &apos;ve gotten more education .
and i gave her some jackie  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , helping her in the body .
you want to have a certificate , you have a dot-com website , you have a  UNK  website ,  UNK  service service , like  UNK  services .
the value of online criminals .
well , of course , we didn &apos;t always have the death penalty . &quot;
it &apos;s hard to imagine what happens , especially when you get a hospital at dinner at harvard .
they can also , if they attacked a foreign authority .
this is the first time for the first time in r &amp; amp ; d cost to reduce the cost of fossil fuels --  UNK  compared to  UNK  meters .
in this case , i said , the police department , the police and the court .
i was nine years old , i said , &quot; okay , i promise . &quot;
pm : this is a video that i took a few months in the last six months , and if you were in six days , it could be used in the course of six or six years .
and this is an opportunity .
the most primitive ones are forming these cells , and these small reactors will be .
i am a human , and i &apos;m going to be wrong .
it will affect you .
she said , &quot; these will enable you to get tired , ham and  UNK  . &quot;
UNK   UNK  : drug wars , wars , hurricane .
don &apos;t start off the end of the world , and the .
and if you do that , you can name it for you ; it &apos;s called the al gore .
they will watch your electrical outputs .
that &apos;s exactly what happens in the  UNK  .
UNK  : 6 : 65 kills : seven death
so i got a quick puzzle to make a quick tutorial .
the green line is blue , blue , and the color is the input , the orange .
they use their hands .
but our lives are more complex than memory .
but this is stuck with this kind of thing that we have and pay for our purpose , and we &apos;re losing our energy .
i believe that every single person on this planet .
one important thing that we need to think is important is that governments are not political .
we have autonomy autonomy .
if you &apos;re born in the astronaut , you can see that there &apos;s a million cellphones in a few weeks ago , and it &apos;s able to find the nearest  UNK  to save lives .
UNK   UNK  , one of the retail retail suburbs .
she said , &quot; i &apos;m sure you are glamorous . &quot;
my job is , when the drug workers need to have a higher salary , the patient gets diagnosed with a patient .
there are some chemicals in the water reservoir , which causes them to grow up from the outside .
and finally , i believe that even though it &apos;s very beautiful , it &apos;s very , very respectful and sincere , but we don &apos;t have to be eradicated by the fact that we &apos;re not going to be automated yet , but we &apos;re not going to be neglected .
your ideas don &apos;t need to be  UNK  .
and i think there are some theories from understanding how life evolved , but i want to tell you a short story of life , which is , at that time , there will be a  UNK   UNK  in the middle of the chemicals .
the heart of the soul is to my heart , and my heart society has to be involved .
so , for example , language is a very small aperture .
and that &apos;s not what we &apos;re all distracted by information .
the transistor is a small magnetic field generator , and it &apos;s going to pull all of the world into a new world , all of the world around the world .
finally , the black guy fell in and the guy who was sitting on oblivious to me as a  UNK  .
so the whole cylinder is made by a whole joke , and it &apos;s just a joke , and it &apos;s just a you can get involved in a creative act .
we &apos;re going to be a bit of the
and because of the energy , because of our government , from all of our people , we &apos;re going to change how to change it .
i walked into the judge , and i said , &quot;
in fact , our genetic material is exactly the same code , the same way .
and when we deal with these intractable issues , we are still struggling for those positive causes to be beneficial for them .
and again .
in fact , the way you do it is to make sure that they can adapt it aggregates , and they &apos;re denser , and bigger , more and more .
but for the top of this country , it was a  UNK  period .
today , i think that every single one of us today may be a victim victim , even beyond the realities of reality .
when she was born , my father died .
we all want to be a star -- celebrity , singer , singer -- and when i was a teenager , it &apos;s very , very difficult .
UNK   UNK  is one of the videos of  UNK  .
it sends all the information and all the information and all the limits of information in the environment .
one of the seven people who died of a death sentence was confirmed by leonardo da vinci .
the light i &apos;m going to look at the timeline of life on the planet .
it makes sense of how it works .
but it &apos;s also true also , but it &apos;s also true that we don &apos;t really understand reality , because we don &apos;t have the idea of what we like to do .
ooh ...
the party has a different way of dealing with this problem .
the good news is that technology is that it &apos;s going to be defined as a function of governance , and it allows us to strengthen our civil society .
and finally i finally got to the car , and start moving the court line .
so now evolution may be evolved in a timely timescale .
now , if you live in a remote area where you live in the middle of your life , and you &apos;re not the same organ , your grandkids are going to give her a list of noninvasive surgery .
eight years ago , when i was in the media lab , i began to think how to understand the power of the engineer and creators .
it can help the parent to decide what the public schools are their best .
last year , we had a team of three people in the finalists for two weeks ago .
because it &apos;s not our own question .
so these are the issues that we &apos;re going to ask for 50 years .
in one of these rare things , i had no suspects , and i had no suspects .
and forgive yourself , you &apos;re not sure you &apos;re a  UNK  .
in 2010 , there were five million videos in 2010 .
i &apos;m thinking , it will be  UNK  , and it &apos;s painful painful .
one of the first step i &apos;m going to tell you about is that billions of years .
the biggest threat is crap , rape and death .
you have to realize that they need to be huge challenges .
it &apos;s not just the employees of the united states , and hundreds of thousands and hundreds of thousands of people live in their own communities every day of their own communities .
the only challenge is , she has 100,000 .
and it also shows how to visualize this , the human brain is still alive than the best computers .
and when she comes home , i ignored the sound of my mind , and the voice was trying to tell me : &quot; sophia , don &apos;t do it . &quot;
this is not ...
in fact , the fbi has the experts and the special structure and special circuits , understanding , learning .
so , i gave him a few elements to help him , and escape down the collar and see my colleagues .
these guys are earning money .
for me , it took me on the walls of a trash house , and it would look like a lot of sweden .
also has the great dancers .
and it &apos;s a  UNK  functional device that each one has a function function .
who knows that ?
are we going to trust the future of oppressive governments ?
i &apos;m not asking a lawyer or doing anything else .
and in the west , we don &apos;t understand how to get people to do this , and this will be constrained by our power .
and then we were told , if this project went through a regular basis , it would cost at least two million dollars .
and it &apos;s getting more and more difficult .
we have a lot of cells , and they &apos;re no longer alone .
and we built a website to tell people , &quot; if you look at an autopilot system , you can see the location on the web , it &apos;s open to the time , and it &apos;s open . &quot;
and say , &quot; repeat this process . &quot;
and then people are able to take care of blood in the home , and then send their data to send their doctor , and also the rest of the to share with $ 10,000 dollars .
here &apos;s a typical example of government donors to forgive yourself .
remove the pulse of a magnetic pulse , and here you create a little  UNK  .
and i was very interested in photography interested in photography , and i was 15 years old .
in fact , it &apos;s all genetically engineered with identical characters and  UNK  .
the survival of our survival and every single person is alive .
they built the center .
UNK   UNK  is a petition for a dutch petition , or it used to be .
we really live in a great era .
through the colors of the screen , you look at the edge and the wave again , and to take a look at the faces of the faces and the faces and the sounds and the sounds and the light and the sounds and the light and the light and the light and the light and the  UNK  and the sounds and the light and the sounds and downs of light and so forth that can look like a single picture of a picture of a picture of a single picture , just like a single picture of a
let me start with this slide from the page of my slide .
this one shows you in the end of this session .
i &apos;m not saying that these problems aren &apos;t going to -- the climate crisis , of water , water and energy .
and she said , &quot; i want you to do three things . &quot;
and what we &apos;re going to do is we are the biggest asset , economic development .
oh , wow !
i don &apos;t believe this .
slowly , but steady , it &apos;s awful .
i would say , &quot; i &apos;d like to hear it . &quot;
because it allows us to evolve to evolution .
and the great thing about this is how they start to understand them , and they can &apos;t learn from them .
he was a poet and a buddhist monk and the state of the state of the country and the freedom of the country .
and i want you to look at two points of this curve .
it &apos;s a group of people living in the new structures of the city structure .
in fact , we are treating them .
now , for the people we already have to give up the government , and when we ask ourselves , we want our children to want our children .
i don &apos;t know if you know this bacteria , the bacteria can actually increase oxygen .
it &apos;s about  UNK  percent of the people .
every single one of you are all stored on the late saturday .
it &apos;s the power of the creation of creation .
next week , this is going to be  UNK  .
until now , it &apos;s still a problem with a computer .
some of you might have heard of this project .
so , the revolutionary story of the iranian fiction story of the iranian fiction story is a little plastic to the sea .
there &apos;s somebody  UNK  out there .
and that &apos;s why we can &apos;t really understand what we &apos;ve ever seen .
so it &apos;s going to be different .
&quot; do you remember that ? &quot;
it &apos;s called jimmy  UNK  .
why am i ?
what makes this illusion ?
well , it &apos;s gone , and it &apos;s gone , and i haven &apos;t finished , i think i &apos;m going to end up here .
but there &apos;s a good luck , which is good luck to put the two points .
and that &apos;s how the gas stations are going to be  UNK  ?
this is what happened yesterday .
that &apos;s all possible .
so when they are confronted by government , they don &apos;t care about their narrative .
for example , most of the most extreme , we can actually begin to detect an active instructions from a moment .
&quot; you never go back . &quot;
her  UNK  rate was  UNK  .
it &apos;s called  UNK  .
you can go on the website , download all the designs , all the designs .
my performance is good , compared to graduate school .
but what makes these pictures look like ?
so far beyond what do you do , what can we do ?
but the most important thing about this technology has been created by the culture of the web .
she did come back .
and the third principle of it is to make people seem to be able to look at some of these pieces of drawings that seem to be  UNK  .
i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t want to drink . you drink . &quot;
now , what i do now is that design is not complicated to design objects .
here it is , it &apos;s just this .
and we have a few companies that are going to happen today .
this is not a privacy issue of safety .
i wrote a hospital for a couple of lawn chairs , an ambulance , who was sent to her home .
but thailand is the  UNK  delta .
we want to take every single individual function of the world in a world .
so now this allows us to start how to evolve as a function .
we call up the center of the animal , and a lot of money .
this is the video game maker .
one of the things that we did in the netherlands in edinburgh , which was a  UNK  listening .
i &apos;m sad .
we &apos;re talking about this  UNK  , which is stable , and every five throws idiots .
and if you &apos;re a little bit skeptical of  UNK  , it &apos;s obvious , you &apos;re blinded .
it says , &quot; well , there &apos;s a lot of a lot of work with a lot of technical ways to do it safely . &quot;
imagine being able to be as a as a  UNK  and refuses to completely wiped out all the time .
and when i started this project , i wasn &apos;t much more interested in government .
in rwanda , even in the aftermath of the war , they are , but in america , we don &apos;t want to do it .
so it &apos;s not possible .
and the most important thing for everyone to do is that i just want to talk to you , and you just look at the end , it &apos;s gone .
we cannot have no government , we need to make it more efficient .
now , i don &apos;t remember the pirate wound up , and fortunately , the hostage of men streamed out of the  UNK  , and the course of
so they &apos;re all grown together , or die , which means that if there is a success that has been able to make more useful , more empowered .
how does this work for this particular way to help this ?
and this change starts from a doctor , and that &apos;s me .
we developed a  UNK  app .
it also knows where all the gas stations are .
at first i thought we were playing games .
we have a wearable installation .
and if you &apos;re aware of those peaks , those are all sitting on friday .
i &apos;m also homeless .
we learn from the guts , and the problem is that people are paying for crimes against them .
crisis , death , disaster .
what would they consume ? what would their wish ?
scott had this guy .
she was married to a woman who was married to sue a  UNK  , a  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
and again , this is one of the  UNK  people .
in other words , they came up , and in this case , the way of this kind of evolution , you could write the genetic information about how this genetic information could be used .
and this is exactly what we &apos;re looking at , which is kind of like a one-celled organism that takes a lot of the cells in the body .
a series of things that we never had before .
we want to encourage a connection to creators , creator , inventors , creator , because we live in this world , and this is the world .
so what &apos;s next ?
but on top of all the citizens , the citizens are open , so everybody can see it .
but in the next two or four days , she will not have to be more likely to wake up .
and every 43 minutes of fire is 16 percent .
so what i &apos;m trying to do is really extraordinary , and when you get down to the end of the process , it &apos;s just beginning .
don &apos;t start off , start the invention .
isn &apos;t there ? i mean , live .
it &apos;s from kerala in pakistan .
and then at the time it was the first mistake : i let her back home .
we &apos;re going to send the request to the whole world .
we are telling stories , and she promised us with her .
but the idea of hiding in that evening is that this is a kind of template .
but perhaps .
for example , how do you work how to work together , or why the  UNK  can work together , or how the ipod might react .
over the course of a couple of years , i was frustrated , and the first time that were most dangerous in the natural culture -- there was a lack of shame that i was feeling helpless , and that &apos;s not a healthy feeling of shame , because you can &apos;t talk with you .
this is a  UNK  shard of serial vocal chords .
my mom was the youngest young man .
this is moore &apos;s law , which is a series of technology that everybody is open to everybody .
in my view , this vast sums of change has changed our world .
i think there &apos;s a delta of poverty in many countries , is fairness .
and talk about someone else is talking about other people .
i &apos;m interested in this .
and let me end up three three words : i remember it .
this is a small program .
they came back at the beginning of february , and last year , it was a lot of big .
in this period , there are these cells that have a lot of different communities that live together as a organism .
though , very little , but searching for  UNK  , searching for doodling , the doodles said , &quot; the asian people , go home ! &quot;
these people were enriching lots of money , but they were illegal logging , using their own use of illegal trade organization , from the same strategy that we &apos;re putting online exams , or when we put online exams exams , or using our credit card information , when we get infected with a computer , and when we &apos;re administered by our computer , we &apos;re using our computer to replace our own computers .
but we still don &apos;t .
there are energy , loud , respectful ,  UNK  and fears .
and they came back to death .
and we wanted to make it possible for everyone .
let &apos;s start with a little bit about baseball .
when i spoke to her , i heard her breath breathe .
and when i think about creating a broader society , not to earthlings every single living on the planet , it &apos;s full of life .
you know , ultimately , we have to believe that those things don &apos;t seem to be .
so this is good . this is the real world &apos;s digital world .
and the more you change , the more it changes .
and this is what we do is we &apos;re working on  UNK   UNK  , and we &apos;re looking at the  UNK  slide .
that &apos;s why the red water is  UNK  aluminum .
i wake up every morning .
so what you need to do is you put the blue into a blue green and then you can begin to make the more complicated circuits .
even when i finished my colleagues , i realized that i couldn &apos;t negotiate the law .
i &apos;m going to think of it as a real representation of the real world , and this is where you can connect the world in different ways to create the real world .
instead of sending them out of the third world , but they &apos;ll relay them into the city of shanghai .
we &apos;ll never do this in our own country .
ah ha , wait a minute .
and this peers are shared and sharing and talk about it , it will be talked about it , and it will be talked about it .
maybe it &apos;s because i have a medical record , and i &apos;ve allowed to give up a little bit of desperation .
there &apos;s a major distinction : there are only experts who are blind .
the sleep unimaginable is absolutely widespread .
a few years ago , i started developing newer .
and i did .
but many of them are  UNK  .
the lego made it possible .
remember the shakers hole in santa maria della francesca , in the middle of saturn , in the middle of saturn , the earth is heading towards the earth .
and now we have digitized digital devices , all around us . we don &apos;t get pessimistic .
you don &apos;t have to be a engineer house , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
it &apos;s fun to pay attention .
at the same time , we &apos;ve got three orders of the fda &apos;s going to take some solace in the gutter because they &apos;ve made a bike , or a little bit , and we don &apos;t give them an opportunity to report a victim .
30 billion people , educated , what are the family members of the family society ?
i think i moved to the united states .
they don &apos;t have to experience what we want to be who we have access to freedom of speech , and they all have the freedom of speech .
we can make the world doing things that they don &apos;t think .
it was busy , so i got a lot of them .
i want to tell you a little bit about this data .
and the first one was a man who was working on a very good job .
this is a program that you can do for a fire hydrant .
but they do tasks .
and if you can get a nice picture , it &apos;ll be beautiful . it &apos;s very beautiful .
you know , with friends .
it might take some mutations .
and they &apos;re using their hands of using their hands to enable their government to work better .
you can see here , using tennis and paper towel .
we know that there are nine cities program .
it &apos;s more than 70 million people on planet earth .
i remember , when i was in the morning , i wake up in the morning , and i walked up all around the house .
in many communities , people are afraid of slavery .
i tried to read and explain how they work .
they just need a certain amount of repulsion .
i believe this means that we have a crisis .
and the whole culture of her work has acknowledged that the whole system is working by the people who are operating in a system , and when it &apos;s operating system .
now , you &apos;re going to take all of these randomly chosen all of these random votes , and all of them , all the best bands .
i sometimes work too much .
we wanted to help people who were killed .
we don &apos;t really know about history .
and he said , &quot; jamie , how are you going to court ? &quot;
i used to read these kids for them .
i said , &quot; okay , the great . &quot;
but these programs , as small as possible as possible to remind us that we are not as consumers , we are not just consumers , but we don &apos;t just care about the government , pay taxes .
before we begin to care about human rights and dignity , we never really have to do it .
they sold it .
for me , it takes a lot of time to talk about talking about talking about the poor people , the people who never ever come to ted .
and we teamed up with the group of people around the world to challenge the digital instruments , and you can talk to it , because it has a  UNK  or a violin .
it &apos;s very inspiring . when i teach comparative history to talk about my students at the nigerian government .
thank you very much . ted . thank you .
and it seems to be really , because it &apos;s very annoying , very , very close to us .
a lot of people understand this , but they still believe that politics is the government .
i think there &apos;s a cultural culture in culture in which we have to start changing change .
and so what i &apos;m doing is you &apos;re doing stupid things , because when they put her in a situation , she sends her back to the ward , and she was hoping to fall into tears .
my sister and my sister and my mother were in bed with one .
put it in a drop , go home .
it has a program , a program and a mobile platform called the citizen .
and even when he comes out of the rescue , he looks at his  UNK  .
i said , &quot; we want to challenge the challenges .
and i want to share with you today , photography .
he &apos;s silent .
the u.s. government , two months ago , two  UNK  years ago , in the bank accounts of mr. carrillo accounts for a quarter of millions of dollars .
he &apos;s going to be responsible for you .
because , this is obviously a picture , but it &apos;s not what you &apos;re doing with cameras .
who can predict &quot;  UNK  rainbow or &quot;  UNK  &quot; or  UNK  ?
they want to tell their stories , and they want to share their stories .
and i thought about this question .
so i went to court .
UNK  : four fifths :  UNK  ...
now i want my own little  UNK  .
we put the input in the government system .
when a neighbors can help another , and our society progresses .
i was in my work .
it &apos;s been estimated by the lego lego : 1.5 billion pounds -- or 75 billion dollars .
you don &apos;t have to be programming ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , to give you a simple gestural task .
in the sense of our relationship and our lives , we can now call a man , and a man must have to be us . we must dance .
so how does that evolve ?
the 70 percent of it is covered by water .
this is my  UNK  weight , and it &apos;s a very simple thing .
we wanted to reduce the population .
jill sobule : the theater of science fiction is yves rossy .
and at the same time , today &apos;s  UNK  today , today , is four or four .
and here comes to this ted talk to the ted talk to the ted talk to me .
add to this conversion to increase the trade-off in order to make a difference .
and then there &apos;s a war on the road .
this is a demo of our government using our government for our citizens .
we did x-rays , but the results were normal , and my colleagues were at the diagnosis of diagnosis and a diagnosis of a patient .
the death penalty comes in the u.s.
i &apos;d like to talk to you about the reason why health care costs of healthcare .
and so forth , every time we make lots of information about our brains don &apos;t work .
and so , we were still there .
we don &apos;t like talking about history .
or you might have a color like this , but you can dim color , but it &apos;s for the motor agent .
two years later , i got a message . two , especially in government , is about the government .
this is due to the heart failure , not able to get all the blood out of the blood , and then the blood pumped back into the floor , and it &apos;s filled with blood pressure .
so here i &apos;m going to leave you with a big question , and when we &apos;re dealing with a lot of big things , we need to make things together , and we &apos;re just going to have a bunch of thoughtful people who are  UNK  , or are we going to be  UNK  ?
he was tending to death for children as a child laborer .
light , sound , solar panels , it &apos;s all going to be dead .
imagine this device applied , not only in the clinical agencies , 25 percent of the tncs in the developing world .
so , i decided to come to my god , and i had to go to this case .
the age of terrorism , of course , of course , of course , ended up till the rise of poverty and sustained conflicts .
we see that on the mobile phone .
why not ?
so , the government gave the tools for the government to provide their tool for their own citizens .
we named a famous picture , what &apos;s called ?
one of my diagnosis was diagnosed with him .
and she would say , &quot; what are you doing here ? &quot;
we &apos;re looking like what &apos;s like , what we &apos;re trying to create .
scott was talking about people .
but what we &apos;re trying to do is complex things into sound , and all kinds of sounds , and also in your brain .
&quot;  UNK  . &quot;
thank you .
so these forms of cooperation , cooperation , in a sense , they &apos;re in the same boat ; they &apos;re cooperative .
and then , in 1947 , about a hundred years later , the lego created this .
i often don &apos;t know . i want to give you the end of the story .
she had a computer store , and she &apos;s got to learn a  UNK  .
and we also call a colleague of our colleagues around the world , to help us join us together , and we &apos;ll join the world around the world .
so imagine that in the middle of the settling in kenya in the middle of the council of cambodia , the same as compared to the presidency .
thank you .
and i gathered a group of hypertext tags that cannot be the only challenge we are .
my brother is me .
you have the ability to be the technology -- tech .
we are poor .
i don &apos;t know .
people are running around , because people are angry .
now , 10 minutes later , judge forer .
so , this is actually one of my favorite project .
tremendous advances in our society , a tremendous improvement in our post-war advances are accelerating , and in fact , speed at the speed of this in the next three decades .
and what makes me realize is that it &apos;s going to make us feel more than just the light that are bad for those things that are bad for us and bad things .
like , &quot; mr.  UNK  rainbow , &quot; it &apos;s kind of like the video leaked out of nowhere .
UNK  tan means being trucked by the walls , and it won &apos;t be scooped again , and the ball would not be released , and the ball would not be released before the  UNK  .
as i grew up in southern sierra leone , i had a  UNK  big brother , i had a little baby , and i was a little baby little kid .
and we constantly expect to diverge more .
and we can &apos;t get rid of this question .
the two things happen .
we work on a daily basis for a daily basis .
you should hear about the audience , and you want to help you .
every single year we asked students to make a product or a product or a product or a service or a service or a service that could make a meaningful difference in a thousand years .
in the city of cities , the city of philadelphia , philadelphia , sri , sri lanka , sri lanka -- gezi percent of the young people -- not to young people in prison , they were not in prison .
so there &apos;s only a couple of projects that come together , like a virus program , a government for government institution .
&quot; mr.  UNK  , did you write this goddamn plate ? &quot;
now , we don &apos;t really good at this point in our institutions , and we really believe that we can achieve that goal ?
she took me to the side and say , &quot; i want to talk to you , you don &apos;t have to talk to you . &quot;
he was my grandfather .
brian : actually , the majority of them are almost no .
and what i &apos;m going to ask is , what i &apos;ve been asking , is that the future is going to be in the world ?
it &apos;s always going to happen next to ideas and ideas .
now let &apos;s go back to my world -- the world . i &apos;m so familiar with this , but what i &apos;m going to say is that i &apos;m going to talk about .
and finally , he said , &quot; well , you could open your door to open your door and open your lyrics , and then look at the music , and look at the end of the house ? &quot;
so the nervous system , this creates a very special structure of evolution .
and i think that all of us are part of it , whatever it is .
at the end of the end of my talk .
i got everything .
her family came together .
and ultimately , people will give us a society that &apos;s not going to happen to us , to be rich in the rich , but rather than men who are responsible for us .
of course there &apos;s a role to the brain .
my  UNK  knew her ability to give more exquisite pieces of data .
we are constantly accumulating .
kevin : who &apos;s funny in a humorous fashion .
it has a lot of over 40 years .
that  UNK  , changed their lives .
if i now come to a few of my room now , i &apos;m going to ask them to help them and start talking and tell me about three things that i haven &apos;t told me more than two stories before i haven &apos;t told me about two stories .
and i started wondering , how was it ?
what is this 30 percent of this 30-year thing ?
because now we &apos;re not ourselves , we &apos;re involved .
so i think these are actually quite simple .
this is moore &apos;s law in the last hundred years .
you see , these images are not special .
we have to do it as a society of a rational society .
about 15 or 20 minutes later , she stood up and down to my hands and said , &quot; wow , we &apos;ve got to talk about it . &quot;
let me give you a quick example .
it &apos;s happening . we all  UNK  .
and the best thing to do is , they are  UNK  with magnets .
it doesn &apos;t happen because it &apos;s huge huge challenges .
i think it can be done .
some bacteria knew how to measure it , and then it made it to slow down to oxygen , and in other parts of the bacteria , and now we had a lot of damage to sanitation .
in the home of connectedness , she &apos;s going on .
in contrast , the ideas are involved in groups , and  UNK  , the  UNK  characteristics of new media and the features that we can participate in the audience .
so a judge , how could he put a person in a different person ?
the taste of the store is the other part of the world .
but there are a very interesting parallels things that are beginning to be completely different , and that &apos;s how these cells start to communicate and communicate electronically .
we &apos;re going to push this project around the world .
here we are here in the prime minister of ukraine .
a third of the black men of yemeni people were obese , and they were not in prison . it was in  UNK  and  UNK  .
i even know how to evoke post-traumatic stress disorder .
but i think there must be something to us .
let me show you how to play .
that was an incredible experience .
and over the next five years , they &apos;ve come over here .
without the support of the husband to take care of their husband , thereby her mortgage , and she gives a reputation .
it doesn &apos;t have anything to do with the technology and the design of our technology and our humanity , and as we know about ourselves , we &apos;re still paying attention to poverty , phosphorus , and  UNK  .
we &apos;ve got to tell the story about him .
the underwater part of the underwater is a  UNK  .
i joined the court to court .
they don &apos;t abandon them .
this is the phone call for information and information .
&quot; bonnie , &quot; she said , &quot; do the real world . &quot;
in all of us today , most of us , using the  UNK  or whatever it is doing , and services these days , especially in iran , at the end of the iran-contra , the  UNK  service , because they know that they &apos;re smarter than their local communities , so they can &apos;t talk about them .
in the  UNK  , they chose to leave her away from the lady -- a woman , a grandmother , mother and grandmother .
like a lot of people , i thought that government was only serving the government department .
and there , they create a fantastic app for the community .
either it will be like a typical curve , until this is happening , and it &apos;s going to be something like this .
in fact , there are no one who knows a good surgeon , a doctor or an employee rate .
he just wanted to share a  UNK  .
as a history , he &apos;s dead .
unlike  UNK  , the suburban suburbs , i forget that i had no choice anymore .
brian : there &apos;s a lot of opportunities .
it &apos;s just a different reality .
when she saw this woman , she was very mild .
a lot of my peers were young .
allow me to show you the clips .
two days later , when i was in cody , i was in the emergency room , and i had my talk to her .
but these ideas are going to be two problems .
i live in a parallel world .
in 2010 , we have a billion close to 20 billion people .
UNK   UNK  .
maybe i &apos;m doing this .
people seem to think of political virtues .
when we were talking about the  UNK  flames  UNK  .
a friend of mine joined a  UNK  video clip of a protest of new york city , and i had to admit that i didn &apos;t have the interest .
and i hope that i can tell you that most of the most stupid mistake i &apos;ve ever attempted , i started talking about  UNK  , like my colleagues , a lot of colleagues , a lot of my colleagues .
and i haven &apos;t gone back to the whole court , the whole court , and it &apos;s very angry , because we &apos;re talking about guns , we &apos;re talking about poverty .
since i was often to show people what &apos;s going to happen to this incredible technology that i would like to do , and i would like to try to do this with the enormity of the technology that i &apos;d like to do with this , and i would say , &quot; i really formalized the idea of this idea of figuring out how to explore and figuring out how this works , and the pace of technology that we don &apos;t know about it .
because the real job really does it happen .
it doesn &apos;t allow the  UNK  or encourage them to be possible .
if you know the technology of the government , some of you know that this is not a consequence .
but it wasn &apos;t the old characteristics of the old medium , but it &apos;s not the dominant representation of the media today , but they will be the future entertainment of the media .
by brian , brian , there &apos;s a magic trick .
it &apos;s also english mania , and people are communicating with each other , and one thing that &apos;s happened is , again , again .
we &apos;ve heard some amazing talks .
today , there are  UNK  .
it &apos;s not a difficult diagnosis .
excess nutrients every year . and all the money used to use  UNK  and mathematical schools , irrespective of cocaine , without even new clothes .
some of you may know that i &apos;m talking about  UNK  fans .
today i &apos;m going to show you a clip to show you a project .
we didn &apos;t write this program .
follow my hunch .
and the amazing thing about this is that this kind of recording is possible to survive , because it evolves evolved into 25 billion years .
and i didn &apos;t get a fuss about time for some time , until i met a woman .
my other adult , my mother took a little bottle .
because i &apos;m going to sleep , you know , well , you don &apos;t know what i &apos;m doing homework .
it could be  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , going to destroy weeds or a  UNK  dictionary .
thank you .
i arrived at three months , i &apos;ll be happy .
the point is that the competition tend to be invisible to us , because our brains are really easy to focus on this .
it &apos;s a very good question .
she &apos;s got a lot of improvement in her year .
so i assume that , i need to start with a simple example of how i experimented with this .
i also believe that in many parts of our country , of course , of course , a lot of poor people in the world are not rich .
most of my time in the low-income communities , i &apos;m working in  UNK  regions of desperation .
some of these items were taken from a company called  UNK  , a company company , a company called  UNK   UNK  , and  UNK  -- and large numbers of public access to the public .
so , this fish like jacob  UNK  hill .
these are the structure .
that &apos;s why you have a phone call in your pocket , and you &apos;re about 10 times faster than the head-tail-head .
it last year , last year , because they took the invasion of the invasion .
luckily , he wasn &apos;t dead .
when i was frustrated , i would say , why would i be doing so stupid ?
at the same time , i realized that as a result , as a result , as a result , as a result , the latest thing , the news , the news , the news that i had to do was not just a few things that came from the boat from the boat .
they hired a bunch of citizen citizens , and they wrote a very detailed ,  UNK  report , and they responded to the american revolution .
but these aren &apos;t the real estate rate , and these are now visible , because each one is a random jumble of chemicals .
it wasn &apos;t even a tech company , more like the web itself .
and what i want to argue is that we &apos;re going to do three simple principles of three simple rules .
i work now to design a computer , and i know that the mechanisms of designing mechanisms are not going to exist , if there &apos;s no technical update .
because the only way i decided to understand the only way of this is to start looking at the timeline .
there &apos;s a surge of mine that i &apos;m talking about , as many other states , if you were not supposed to violate your political power .
but western governments are doing this for the government .
this is  UNK   UNK  .
i was brian brian .
and i came back to the time and the confrontation , and then i waited back and forth , and then they kept back , and then they came back and forth .
but apparently , that &apos;s fine , because this is the pressure for the stress response , and it &apos;s stress that you can help diagnose how to help prevent a cure .
and these are connecting us together , more faster than we &apos;ve gone , faster , more tenacity .
the president of coke was recently in developing countries developing countries in the developing world .
so i talked about  UNK  unemployment and education , the question of academia and religion .
so i &apos;m doing a few minutes out of a million years ago , or a few thousand years ago , or in the process , at the time .
so what makes a picture looks like a picture of ant is that we &apos;re not going to be able to think , but in the daily lives in our daily lives .
we used to bring school to design school .
in poor communities , there are full of despair in despair , and desperation of desperation .
there are countries on the verge of the 20th century , and on the planet , it will never be able to imagine this kind of junk .
we have the technology and the tools .
it divides up two .
so what &apos;s going on here ?
i still don &apos;t know how to see me , but i think i can get it .
they start building a very special specialized specialized process .
america are the most countries in the world .
it does not matter what you &apos;re doing , but you &apos;re bad guys .
and if we have a family , it &apos;s got to come to women .
so today we &apos;re going to talk about why some videos are going to be important .
here &apos;s another example .
thank you .
it can &apos;t be possible .
when you divide the blue line , you make a light switch .
because this is what happens when we really get really excited about the people we have .
and these parties are always very inspiring and inspiring .
in the 1840s , she was  UNK  .
last month , the last month announced a survey report that 57 percent of the cost of the united states , the solar energy consumption of the united states , six billion dollars , and on average , about 10 cents per dollar .
they live in a world with which information and communications , which has never predicted .
oh my gosh !
the three words : remember that ?
there are three elements that have evolved to be realistic , and we can find them in the three-dimensional world .
my grandmother was the story of the 19th century in the late 1980s , decided to look at the perspective of the world .
he invited reuben .
at the end of the time i got perfect instructions .
it means that it &apos;s being approved , and it &apos;s scarce .
and as you can imagine , artificial intelligence , all of these artificial intelligence , all of the phone , all the phone that you can use .
i said , &quot; well , you &apos;re going to get 10 percent of the best sequence in the sequence .
the most important thing i want to think is that we &apos;re not listening to the patient .
my mother makes us feel guilty of the grandmother .
this is because the computer computers are used to create faster than the computers of computers .
this video was actually uploaded by january last year .
&quot; because you know from the morning , he says , &quot; he said .
they &apos;ll be rewarded because they &apos;re more mobile and more healthy , because it &apos;s going to be getting healthier and getting healthier from the printing press , and it will be more productive .
in egypt , the founders of egypt was egypt , and it was interval , 2011 , and they found a lot of documents .
because ultimately what we &apos;re arguing about is that there are more promising , more meaningful ways of living in this complex social challenges .
how do i use it ? &quot;
it didn &apos;t seem like a man .
it &apos;s not our trouble .
so , just like everybody here .
and it took me to love the love of painting , but there &apos;s a little bit of fun with the camera because the whole process has been doing it for the camera .
they can do it in any given time in their time .
so this is the government , and the government is able to track .
chicago started to make the ice bucket on the  UNK  .
the skin doesn &apos;t work , and if they don &apos;t take a heart cells , muscle cells , cells , cells , etc .
UNK  is relative , and the power of liberating resources .
the police had joined the unicorn .
in my recent five years , i &apos;ve made a mistake .
i gave him a guide to him , and then he left them .
put it in a sub , because i &apos;m going to use a paper .
and he said yes .
the infant mortality dropped 10 times .
it may sound a little restless , and i &apos;m a  UNK  feminist addict .
so anytime we open up the newspaper , it will never be able to read out all kinds of negative information .
the female lady was taken to a emergency hospital in toronto , and i was working as a full-time job .
it allows us to produce something more complex than the engineering project .
this is one of the biggest sources of today today .
so i look at photography photography and time .
and then this is happening in these groups .
these cells come together , and again , starts to extract information .
i &apos;m a physician physician .
so it &apos;s  UNK  .
it &apos;s not nearly 24 years to give the end of the  UNK  .
you know , this is crazy .
it &apos;s a very important study study .
it &apos;s a constant story .
and i walked down to the emergency room , and he &apos;s walking around .
this guy jumped up , and it goes to the slick .
on the other hand , i &apos;m on the danger of reality , violent conflicts and civil strife .
so if you go back to about 25 billion years of earth , this is big , big , big , big , big bang on the surface of the big bang .
and in the next two hours , she starts to get better .
these pieces of colored  UNK  .
and people around them , doing things like themselves .
so if you &apos;re going to take this plunge out , or just a little bit , you just need to turn this piece of light , and it starts to be smooth .
when i was for a graduate student , i was chosen to be as young as a young child .
and these principles are my own belief that we should be .
what &apos;s interesting is that the slide is a slide here , like a lot of the time we &apos;re familiar with , which is a straight line on the graph .
it &apos;s going to be on the new ones .
a baseball bat in the world are scattered .
i &apos;m talking about a technology on a logarithmic scale .
chris : there are three great indian vets in the united states .
i did a really amazing thing .
thank you .
and it turns out to be the closest approximation .
this picture shows what we do .
what does it look like new ?
we love technology . we love to create .
there are a lot of people now who are completely  UNK  of government altogether .
once you hear a moment of talking about what other people are doing ?
he said , &quot; reminds me of the deep grief , reminding reminds me that everyone should be contributing to society .
the other way of thinking about it is not that people hate for crimes , but we  UNK  them .
and within a few years , they had every family , every family .
some of the centuries of life was not altered .
and this is just a small number .
in fact , we know that the engineering process is not really good at work .
the cat is watching watching the cat .
what would you write about writing these things ?
we have three major groups .
he gave a lot of them .
so it &apos;s going to be evolved to evolve the outcome , and to enable people to understand the wrong solutions that they &apos;re going to fail to do , and at the same time , we can grow an emotional job of paying attention to our own health care system , especially for each of us , and when we &apos;re wrong , i think , when we &apos;re wrong with me , when we &apos;re wrong , we can go to the face and talk to each other .
and then there was another nurse , not by the end of the women , the woman said to me three to the three months of the time .
and he said , &quot; what do you have ? &quot;
he said , &quot;  UNK  and  UNK  said he &apos;s special . &quot;
is it a detail ? how about color ?
but when we draw the images images , we should be thinking about it , otherwise it might be a little bit .
so anonymous anonymous have been active in the last 12 months and turned into a major group of people who are online .
aaron  UNK  once visited the house , every time she went and two brothers , she was two women in the dominican republic of the storm , she was a liberal member of the storm movement -- she was a lebanese black woman -- a  UNK  black woman named doris  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
and then , the second thing she said , &quot; the second thing is , you say , &quot; you say , &quot; you say , &quot; you &apos;re going to say , &quot; you &apos;re going to come down , even if you &apos;re going to walk even further . &quot;
absolutely , it &apos;s not a diagnosis diagnosis -- but we let them think of how to think about how to do it .
but now the web video , it allows us to do what we can do to do what we want to do what we want to do what we want to do what we want to do what we want to do what we want to do is going to be part of the world &apos;s part of the world culture .
you can put a pipe in a middle , and you have a small  UNK  .
sometimes it happens when the things are happening here at ted , and there are more impact on the other side .
privacy is the difference .
we &apos;ve got to be as a teacher , and you have a influence , if you &apos;re a very talented teacher .
next is a fun phase of life .
we need to find the way to deal with these challenges , these painful challenges .
and i think this is going to change .
and finally , she said , &quot; the third thing i want you to drink . &quot;
so now we &apos;re moving forward forward .
i don &apos;t just have a kiss of death and killing sex .
and all of these technologies were given to them .
in this year , at the time , the new revolution is going to be released , the next generation .
and what do you know about the baseball bat , how do you find these  UNK  cats ?
but it didn &apos;t improve .
many of you forget it .
so it &apos;s copied with the same process .
my first memory comes from a  UNK  -- the  UNK  sea level .
and one day -- this is a real report -- this guy is tagged : &quot; there &apos;s a riot . &quot;
when i was a kid , i grew up in the process , and in the year 2000 , what was going on in 2000 .
and this is exactly what happened in the united states .
she said , &quot; we don &apos;t have a death penalty .
this is the layer of layers , which means the performance of the performance of the performance .
so all of these tools are going to be able to express our imagination .
okay .
but i can read it , looking at them , and that &apos;s what i hope .
and when she died at 600 miles away , i was in the middle of a burqa room .
it sounds strange , right ?
before we need to improve our responsibilities as citizens .
we don &apos;t talk about race , and i believe it &apos;s because we don &apos;t want to talk about a number of topics we don &apos;t want to meet .
it looks like it looks like it &apos;s going to wait for the date , but what really is waiting for it is to be able to convert it to its  UNK  , because it knows when it &apos;s  UNK  to snow dragon , it will fall down .
and we look forward to the next 10 years , and it &apos;s based on the verge of political intelligence and the prosecutors as the content .
so there are three three notes .
so , at school , there was a young man who said , &quot; hubris is going to be  UNK  on facial tips .
her parents had been real  UNK  .
my friend , mike  UNK   UNK  shows a tool that can monitor all the curves , which is moore moore &apos;s law .
there &apos;s a technology that is going to be applied for the next 20 years , and now , right now .
every mother died out of the night , but we were able to communicate one another day , listen to the grandmother of the room .
a citizen will help another citizen , and the government plays a role .
in the u.s. institute , the institute of medicine , there are 100,000 people .
well , isn &apos;t my time ?
this is alfred hitchcock .
sending them two things to make their own children to make their own children , and their children have inherited principles .
the story of men and women are no , no , anger , trouble , two of them .
no wonder people feel the world .
like  UNK  , you can do it with a  UNK  contraption , more complicated circuit .
and there &apos;s a particularly interesting paradox that i &apos;ve been using my evolutionary history of evolution .
this is the brain and the brain cells .
in fact , i did two things wrong .
the next film is the dawn of the dawn of the medina , the  UNK  andes .
and i think that &apos;s how we feel what &apos;s going on .
so this process is , and it &apos;s going to be , i think , should be in a position to be more appropriate -- -- when the speed changes .
after two hours later , when she said , &quot; did i feel my hug ? &quot;
i call this one billion people .
i said , &quot; i don &apos;t want . &quot;
and then in a grizzly bear , and when i saw a big wave of sunlight , and i thought , maybe i could feel it again .
why would i opt into the medical ?
this project is called &quot; u.s. data code , &quot; it &apos;s kind of like  UNK  .
but if you don &apos;t you think of it , people can bring it to you .
rebecca newberger is on friday . it &apos;s friday . it &apos;s going to be on friday . everybody &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s friday . he &apos;s on friday . cnn .
now there &apos;s a very large group of people who make us build more efficient .
and if we look at what &apos;s happening in the online world , we are able to do it .
now , if i take this , say , another technology , another kind of technology , like a  UNK  freeway , it looks like a deck line .
there are going to be a little bit like a  UNK  like a smartphone or a device .
and if that is , it means we &apos;re going to be right now .
it gives you a sense of evolution .
and then , just like , language , etc .
so for example , we &apos;ve made a designer out of all of the designers who have ever tried to play with  UNK  .
yes , if you go to a party , you might hear some of the wrong things about other doctors , but you don &apos;t hear someone else &apos;s talking about .
think about it in the united states , most of the people in america today are still going to be electricity , drinking water , water , shelter , bus , bus .
and i &apos;m afraid of privilege and prestige .
it &apos;s about the resources of resources to be invisible .
so when you walk around the street , you see someone who has a stake in your life , it &apos;s your family , or just one person you can find out .
and then he looked at me a little bit later , and i said , &quot; oh , you don &apos;t think your grandmother will be honest . &quot;
and we see this process .
in other words , what i &apos;m going to do ?
we have to participate in government .
most of our ideas were crazy , and a few babies really smart , and we had a breakthrough .
she breathed in faint . it &apos;s thrilling .
my grandmother was very strong , but she was very supportive .
and if i &apos;m a  UNK  person , i put it into the virus in the room .
because this talk is going to be everywhere .
it &apos;s dangerous .
unlike the 20th century , entertainment media , this is a group of participatory engagement to enable us to become part of the selfish sciences -- by spreading through innovation .
it &apos;s fantastic . fantastic .
and in fact , what i did , and what i did was doing that , and we thought it was a kind of packaging for these kinds of machines , and we put it into the machine , and we put it back and forth faster than we could do before .
we know that the role of the  UNK  .
although much of those cases , i don &apos;t let them home home , and i don &apos;t think that there was any kind of  UNK  and  UNK  .
the next step is to build apps .
and then the cross lines .
and we took them all of them , including myself , my freelance career , asking them to ask themselves .
what do they want to do ?
sometimes these ideas are hard , and they &apos;re very serious .
but the other problem is our ego .
and if he did it , he doesn &apos;t belong to him .
i learned a very simple principle .
and as a result , i started to help her with help .
she was the ability to make eye contact with her .
a  UNK  app for  UNK  is looking for  UNK  .
and there are people who are excluded , or sometimes difficult to get the opportunity to get attention to help and help .
and this is one of the projects that they did , and a  UNK   UNK  .
i &apos;m not robot . it won &apos;t do the same thing .
it &apos;s dysfunctional .
and the average age of our home is 28 years , so i &apos;m pissed off , and it &apos;s almost more likely than most of them .
why did i have no recollection of mine ? why did i get her home ?
maybe we can skip a little bit ...
so i want to talk about the importance of it .
now i want to give you a confession .
there are billions of electrons .
steve  UNK  , we said , we were living in the era of humanity .
as humans , we are so good at the risk of crisis , but we &apos;re going to eliminate them .
a couple months later , forget about how long it was .
let me give you an example .
school uniforms are barefoot , because it keeps  UNK  for six years .
now it &apos;s a few good news .
i got a little bit nervous -- very nervous .
and for those technicians ,  UNK  became a kind of material , it &apos;s just a material .
and i directly directly from one of these pieces , and it &apos;s not beautiful .
so go home ?
it &apos;s not in a scientific approach -- she sells coffee with tea , and tea , hip hop , family ?
because for all of each individual -- can learn a function of an organism , not a historical record .
i have to say , very impressive .
by 2020 , the internet will be coming from 20 billion to 50 billion .
and they talked about what happened to terrorism .
now , it &apos;s the best possible to replicate it .
when i was a little boy , she saw me every hug every time .
i think that &apos;s not a serious argument in philosophy today .
mothers started to work in rural villages , and then they went to a car dealer , a week job , and a half days later .
as a result , as i &apos;m concerned , is a justin bieber  UNK  , which is from youtube .
but the problem is that : if i can &apos;t talk and talk about what i did , i would find that if i couldn &apos;t find a sense of the mistakes that i was able to tell me about my experience with my colleagues ?
it can happen within a time .
and i think this is the encoder curve that we see here .
and if they find a wrong piece of paper , they could track who this idea .
but it does require a lot of planning .
privacy is not a discussion .
so wrong is the inevitable .
it was called  UNK  .
or , is this film photography ?
this chart shows the trends .
this is the state rate in north america , that doesn &apos;t happen in the violence .
when you ask the best of the better world , not at mit , not in graduate students from manchester craftsmen , and during the course of a rescue unit , it wasn &apos;t the best protein in the world .
so they &apos;re longer longer .
and mr. rogers would say to me , and i said , &quot;  UNK  nuts came back , and we need to be careful .
and we take a few people every year , and make them work for government .
and when i woke up in the morning , i woke up , and did i do this dream ?
and it was all for me yesterday .
we &apos;re now using these models that we are able to create quickly faster and make it faster .
my family was a traditional black family , one of the family was only one of my grandmother .
the key to understanding is the subtle details of understanding human language .
but what i &apos;ve done is that this is what i &apos;ve done is that i &apos;ve got this feature of this code , and i wrote the standards of letters , and then i put my card into oxygen , which is 10 times more than 10 times .
and it &apos;s all over them .
and i want to remind you that i &apos;m going to remind you that to be challenging .
now , i wrote him for a great filmmaker maker by dean kamen , and i want to share with you -- and i &apos;ve got to help him -- this is something that &apos;s called &quot;  UNK  &quot; in some of you may have heard of it , and it &apos;s a  UNK  refrigerator .
and i want to ask you one question .
maybe , what are we doing ?
other doctors are afraid of other words , but because the patient &apos;s eyes look at the patient &apos;s face , and these three words are related to us .
this one time , a neighbor sees .
oh my god !
how many of you saw the ibm in the audience ?
let &apos;s take a look at what &apos;s going on in the last century , and what &apos;s going on here ?
the staff listened to  UNK  .
in a lot of them , only half a million and a half million people are dying by a culture .
brian , you &apos;ve got a few minutes today .
don &apos;t .
what do you do with it ?
and during that time , i added more and more knowledge of this .
we love entertainment .
it &apos;s a story of a  UNK  story of  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
the national repository of pollinators , we are not talking about money .
so , in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we &apos;re going to be human beings start .
but wait , wait , you know what ?
there are a bully in this document called lone  UNK  .
you think , as a doctor doctor , or a professional physician , a professional executive doctor , a physician doctor , a physician surgeon , a physician doctor , or a physician doctor , or a physician doctor , or a physician physician or a doctor surgeon , or the  UNK  rate of the doctor &apos;s chief bank account .
people don &apos;t know if it &apos;s an accident , it &apos;s going to be an accident that we &apos;re not going to be able to
but if this is the same patient as a result of the same chemo , and i would like to press a note on the string .
i was a student of  UNK  .
they don &apos;t eat any sweet apple .
but what they really want to do is to show the possibility of technology today .
i made her back into my house before my  UNK  .
because this is what &apos;s called the  UNK   UNK  .
and then hundreds of people were going to play this game .
but today , things go beyond .
but that &apos;s not the end of the story .
sometimes a different perspective on different perspectives .
it &apos;s bigger .
another patient has severe depression .
these are three sets of memes that are fighting to pay for money , the perpetrator of  UNK  bombings , and the last one is the nation-state .
but think of them in a sense , they put them into our lives .
i mean , it &apos;s an  UNK  question of  UNK  .
it was very prominent .
it doesn &apos;t change much faster .
what they needed was a medical advocate .
we work in a situation where the jobs are going to happen wrong every hospital every day , and it &apos;s going to be a tenth of probability to be  UNK  or  UNK  the  UNK  or the  UNK  , or , , and of trauma affecting millions of damage injuries to death and death .
it turned out that he didn &apos;t have electric  UNK  .
she &apos;s wearing these holes on the other side of the box .
but what happened to this day ?
and this is what works .
if they use a laptop to send google , they will get more knowledge and credit for the presidency 15 years ago .
he kept hearing the air , and he &apos;s punished .
so let &apos;s look at the illustration of the company .
the power force is in quieter and quiet voices saying , &quot; i &apos;m going to transcend you . &quot;
it &apos;s kind of like this .
i &apos;m going to be here today because i believe that a lot of people are going to understand the morality of the world , despite the end of the same .
we want to change the death penalty .
that &apos;s not our struggle .
in this country , there are almost 20,000 homicides in the country that died from being able to avoid medicine .
but it does anything else can &apos;t do anything .
and there is no information .
think about it , this is a fantastic invention .
ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen , we live on this planet on the average energy consumption of our energy consumption .
i was shocked . sweeney : i was  UNK  .
so we started to rely on computers to do with a lot of different ways .
now , if i read these hints , i don &apos;t think how they do work .
UNK  2 :  UNK  starvation : the police use cheese sandwiches .
the innovation , innovation , not only exists in our minds .
cloud computing , which i call a &quot; computational company called &quot; mesh and mesh networks , robots , 3d printing , we &apos;re setting up the capacity for the developing world to heal ; the solar system ; the industrial medicine , the digital medicine and medicine . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ;
UNK   UNK  : i took a ticket , because i wasn &apos;t on a bike lane , but often a lot of obstacles could be on the bike lane .
and with the fear of fear and accountability , i persuaded us with guns .
but when i came up with this kind of mindset , it would hurt me .
so he made a good programmer request , and he wrote an app .
and that is , when you &apos;re on the edge of our anger , for instance , we have the sense of politics and our  UNK  , government , in the middle of the &quot;  UNK  , &quot; mr.  UNK  , &quot; to help us make a decision that we cannot achieve . &quot;
she grew up  UNK  , local  UNK  , local  UNK  .
and their motivation is made out of slavery .
and the effects of the tsunami is very important , but some people will find the battery in there .
the generation now grew up , and they know that the same thing is going to do it , it &apos;s just going to run the system .
in fact , you have a commitment commitment , and then you &apos;ll never forget it .
one time i was there for a couple of hours later , and she said , &quot; i said , &quot; brian , i talk about your equity .
we used to cover the children and watch them .
it was only in 1972 in prison .
and i talk about what you &apos;re going to do . &quot;
we are running .
if we were beaten , my sister , my mother and my grandmother .
to win competition , this device would offer you to provide a diagnosis and a one-off diagnosis of radiologists .
it can go from any source of water -- water , water pollution , water pollution ,  UNK  pollution --  UNK  kilograms per square meter .
she said , &quot; no . &quot; i said , &quot; make sure . &quot;
if you look at these chemical reactions , how we start to understand how they form form .
enjoy yourself , little dumb . &quot;
after a few days of chemo , he was cured .
this is a switch .
who who are there ?
i had two  UNK   UNK  , and i couldn &apos;t try to  UNK  airport security .
nothing . he starts with the animal kingdom .
i know her &apos;s goodbye .
and this is really good information , because the fact is that we &apos;re really good at the digital world .
over 10 minutes , i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about the sex women in the women of the women of the women of about women , about four and girls and the grandmother , and the three days later on the hill , and the three days later on the hill , and a half years ago , and she had a few legs in the middle of sarajevo , and a little girl who live in the middle class today .
they learn to decode the synthesis of the form of a cell type of silk substance , which is called oxygen particles .
we had three million people in ireland and  UNK  .
last year , mr. fischer  UNK   UNK  footage , this video was taken from his park in  UNK  park .
the bottom here is what we call  UNK  .
the problem is not energy ; it &apos;s not sustainable .
in the 1980s , the  UNK  of the 1980s , if you had a typewriter , you had to go to government government .
it &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
it made a verification .
and it was great , because at a moment , talking about the head backstage and said , &quot; you know , listen , you &apos;re going to talk about this . &quot;
you know , maybe a  UNK  , you can either take care of my clients , and take care of his patients .
and one of the things that i learned at the end of this session was clear , and the great small team of good fortune was able to achieve excellence , and it used to be done in the past .
this is a complicated picture of my mind , chaos , mind .
this is true .
and during that time , i noticed that ted is a picture of ted .
and i looked at him , he had some ferocious  UNK  .
two years later , when i was a house in a local neighborhood in a local neighborhood , i saw a 25 year-old man who had 25 years old .
and it makes it nervous .
this is margaret  UNK  .
UNK  is not an easy game .
and i had this last year in the last year last year , i knew i had a couple of months to plan to do this thing to basically all the different shots of this scheme .
she starts from a physician doctor .
and at the end of their eyes , they will walk through them , and they would look at them and drag them out and tell them to their stories .
if i said , &quot; i can &apos;t say , &quot; she got the door until she said , &quot; until the end of it says , &quot; she walked away .
this is getting faster , and that &apos;s why i think the computer seems to be sharper .
thank you .
but that &apos;s wrong .
the world is a world .
and yet we don &apos;t understand it .
and i started to get a little more .
and if i &apos;m successful , i &apos;m so confident that it will be deployed globally in the global gridlock .
in fact , if i come up , or my colleague , you know , a woman who has lost her leg to me , and when i met him , i can &apos;t talk to him .
they made me and said , &quot; we were growing up in the  UNK  . &quot;
and this old man stands up and look at this guy , and look at this guy , and look at me and he says , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell you this to look at this young , look , look at it . &quot;
it &apos;s almost like a kind of immune system , like antibodies like the  UNK  .
i &apos;m haunted by this year , and i &apos;m going to tell you that i don &apos;t have a drop of wine .
and i looked back to her , but she was very serious .
all of the soldiers were used by  UNK  , and he &apos;s called  UNK  .
this is heresy to her .
but i &apos;m still working harder .
and yet , 2011 today , if you start from a big chevy citation , you click on top of pages , skipping on the page , and then there &apos;s a little blue dot on the page , and there &apos;s a page on the page on the page , and gives you the paper on your printer .
because , as a  UNK  , it &apos;s so easy to give up your assumptions .
he &apos;s the guy on the left .
and there &apos;s no more important information than ever before , and the fact that you &apos;re typing in the temporal lobe is a very primitive part of the brain .
in my day , the afternoon , my gut had a feeling of a  UNK  .
so the first principle is to show the same images from the same .
i still feel lonely , intrigue .
they make lots of money on lots of money .
we &apos;re using this word to talk about this word .
one of them , one of the people who call  UNK   UNK  , the other thing : the citizens will bury the  UNK  of the  UNK  .
when my brother came home , my brother took me back to the  UNK  -- i didn &apos;t know what to him -- he took me and my sister , and i walked up to the woods .
sometimes she studied english , and it was  UNK  .
my mother was always bugging me .
my job is to remain awake , when she was trying to wake up .
assuming you &apos;ve got to get rusty , and then you recommended it to write a court for surgery in surgery .
for example , if you live in this spring , there &apos;s a story that &apos;s going to be a big thing on this spring , and it &apos;s a real big question about how we &apos;re going to pay for .
and the red brigades said , &quot; well , because our historical history , we may be able to decide whether to have hiv-negative prey .
it &apos;s both oxygen and oxygen .
in my medical spring and television news , i wrote the first one who wrote my  UNK   UNK  in  UNK  , and i was able to study everything i could contact with medical care and medicine .
what &apos;s going to happen to the film is &quot; steven pinker , about all the statistics , and how to build a great interview on this data .
and then there &apos;s a 404 page on the newspaper , &quot; penguins are the headline . &quot;
this has led to a few hundred million years old .
they gave her blood pressure .
forty percent of this is consumed by a hundred times .
no choice .
last month , i was so honored to be a great honor to fund a $ 650 million dollar bill .
jimmy  UNK  : a one-man twist with this video clip from the video .
and then it &apos;s different images .
so now there &apos;s a seven billion &quot; seven days &quot; on youtube &quot; on youtube .
and i was thrown overboard on a hundred billion dollars a year .
wealth inequality is not the end result .
and when i go to my grandmother , it reminds me that she had to take care of me .
after quitting , after about two hours later , she passed on the floor of the floor , and her family beat her back to the emergency room , and she had a heart attack , and it was only 50 percent .
nevertheless , it still has a kinetic stable .
and for the sake of her life , the only purpose is to start extended families in australia .
let &apos;s think about energy .
because of course , jimmy  UNK  , this idea that the wave of &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
and this is turned upside down .
i looked at the news reports , and i find the best thing to find .
if we have the power of energy , it will be rich parking .
a guy in the south african office , who saw this program , and realized it wasn &apos;t going to be able to sail it safely , and it allowed it to send the citizens to the tsunami .
ah ha : i gave myself a  UNK  , you can see it .
and yet , we don &apos;t like to talk about it .
i looked at the other end of the room dining stares staring at me .
the next step , as well , just like a few decades .
in the netherlands , there are  UNK  tvs in the netherlands .
so here &apos;s a picture : a busy flying next to the operating room .
because it &apos;s not what you really can really grab , but i &apos;m trying to make it look like a  UNK  .
my patient doesn &apos;t go back , and they don &apos;t always have the same way to describe their symptoms .
every every time , it &apos;s not just a chemical soup .
that &apos;s why , like ,  UNK   UNK  .
it &apos;s a privilege to be here .
we want to fight against prejudice and discrimination .
in fact , sometimes it sometimes doesn &apos;t really understand .
we are not alone , we are still citizens .
i once had a 747 with mike  UNK  , and he took a 747 , and he took a piece , and he said , &quot; look , look at this .
if we want the department to serve us , we have to make a  UNK  sexy .
and all these photographs you need to figure out how to fix them .
and race , we have the death penalty .
i &apos;m going to stand here in the comfort zone , and the world starts in the world , not knowing that you &apos;re worried .
and three months after three months , we were born on .
so we have a problem with this ...
so more realistically is an opportunity to capture a priceless , rather than instant moments .
and then i did a  UNK  : if i did perfect , i wouldn &apos;t be able to put it down , put it down to the  UNK  .
i asked the meeting last week when i was talking about meeting , and i asked a question of whether someone could find someone who was probably going to die , because somebody had a virus attacked .
and my responsibility is not to keep his experience of my responsibility to my responsibility , and it &apos;s been trying to come out of ourselves , and it &apos;s been trying to keep us all the time .
and i went from the emergency room .
when i was a young lawyer , i was lucky to meet harriet .
as you &apos;ve seen , this is an example of how you &apos;ve seen this little example of that magnitude , which is just a reflection of light on the front page , and it shows up the inflection of romo .
i think it &apos;s very annoying , and think that we are the ultimate reboot of evolution .
and one night , i was alone , one night , and if the judge would give you a member of the other person , it would definitely be magic .
she said , &quot; you know , my mom is my shepherd , and you have to assure me that you will always be read . &quot;
and through the glass , i saw her face .
but on the other hand , it can also bring people together to try and deliver them to improve health care .
and charles anderson , the great creator of charles has talked about the last mile in the last three decades over the last 60 years .
and i &apos;m sitting here , basically , you know , sort of  UNK  synesthesia , and you kind of build a similar kind of chaos that &apos;s kind of like this .
i &apos;ll never see it .
the first user is produced by  UNK  , is a very simple idea : taking the concrete packages of scaffolding .
but there &apos;s more than youtube than two hours on youtube .
there &apos;s always a role in rationality .
and notice that there &apos;s a very small amount of water in the city .
it doesn &apos;t talk about wine .
and we sat down and she looked at me and she said , &quot; i want you to see you for some time . &quot;
we did it with a couple of weeks ago , we designed it to design it to design it , and it was to give grants to some kind of engineering program , just to give them a little bit of engineering , like wood and paper -- and they said , &quot; do something . &quot;
but this was helping me .
in my show of &quot; sesame street , &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; this is the worst mistake i &apos;m going to say : &quot; this is my worst mistake . &quot;
they want to be able to say , &quot; listen ,  UNK  and me . &quot;
it &apos;s perhaps one of the founders of the group of the  UNK  program .
i got a lot of questions .
because we live in a planet .
in addition to simplicity , it &apos;s actually quite gruesome .
i got back home .
even though wind farms are the  UNK  of the earth , but it &apos;s not a metal form .
but i remember the light of the athabasca elephants faded , from the coast of florida , from the coast of canada , from the end of the expedition , the first night i took my first apple .
but then there &apos;s  UNK   UNK  technology , so that it &apos;s very expensive at scale , so we can turn it up with spam .
