she described to her sense of how it was five years old .
because it &apos;s very large , all the noise will disappear , so the path is very quiet .
in the taliban , i remember that there were moments when i was very angry at our lives and always fear and didn &apos;t see the future .
and we started dating , and he loved me that i was smart , that i had learned to harvard , that i had to help girls and girls .
i know that we &apos;re going to go into a personal story , but i was a little girl .
UNK  ,  UNK  and conservatives became a symbol of the
okay , can you sell it ? you can manage money ?
first of all , why are they so bad ?
it &apos;s not true .
some people don &apos;t even know they &apos;re  UNK  , they don &apos;t work at 16 , 17 hours per day , because they &apos;re only .
i think what they want to hear is &quot; if you make a little bit more , and your hair  UNK  , you &apos;re happy and happy . &quot;
but today , over three million girls are in in afghanistan .
anyone who &apos;s or whether or parkinson &apos;s disease that can call me with cheap , and leave the record , a few times every time , and i &apos;m really pleased to announce that we &apos;ve reached six percent in just eight hours .
all of that is completely possible with your cellphone .
a third of american women have been domestic domestic violence , or  UNK  in some of my life and reports to show 15 million children per year , 15 million .
we &apos;ve got about 50 people to join me , and it &apos;s all .
but you have to keep it .
i helped the  UNK   UNK  public ,  UNK  .
instead , like  UNK   UNK  said : the more things that can be better , but rather simple .
we don &apos;t stand in people around , so there &apos;s a lot of emissions that we never know , even though we also share public spaces .
scientists and engineers are the people who are dealing with the biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health , and so much more , if we don &apos;t know , and that &apos;s not going to work , and i believe our responsibility , the people who are interacting with them .
this is me with a soccer team in the magazine .
&quot; you &apos;ve been at the time to save lives from hunger . &quot;
because i want to show people what the data is really .
this piece of paper is healthy and somebody who is saying , and we can see ourselves as  UNK   UNK  , because we have to coordinate all the  UNK  , when we all have the genes to make it , and we all have the genes to do that .
but we &apos;re going to take a big chunk of data that we collected from all these different cases , and the results are in the case that are important because it &apos;s important because we &apos;re looking at the  UNK  elements , and seek out of the  UNK  of this disease .
the last question that people ask me is , &quot; how do you feel ? &quot;
what do you make the technology for the green revolution ? the universities ? forget !
so we started to  UNK  these pictures .
you know , he saw his mind when he goes back , let me tell you why .
this is a place where people  UNK  them , and that &apos;s a great honor , because they trust me to allow me to give them a book .
they were the first day and saw the  UNK  , and then they go back , but the second day , they came and said that this is not slowing down , it &apos;s always there .
recently , the new york times report that came out to 100,000 children who had been sold to sex every year .
that &apos;s my belief , when i talk to people , let &apos;s get in your food .
thank you very much . thank you .
so i broke my silence .
he was , &quot; the taliban have gone . &quot;
that &apos;s why after 10 years of the oil spill , i decided to go to south korea , to start a new life again .
the solution to the problem is to do the  UNK  .
&quot; why don &apos;t you tell us before ? &quot; &quot; you &apos;ve ever asked . &quot;
these folks don &apos;t have any  UNK  , when we talk about the difficulty of it , to remember that slave , including the slavery of sexual exploitation , also in the place where we live .
the term term we understand our ideas .
when i  UNK  my hand , i remember the first person who had a couple of days ago , i fell down , fell down into the jaw .
if you don &apos;t , the girl in the picture is not going to look like you , and certainly it &apos;s bad as it is .
UNK  is love .
for some people , they &apos;ve been connected to something that is , something that &apos;s going to use something else , but it &apos;s a little bit different than the  UNK  and the  UNK  skin .
and i didn &apos;t understand it , but i can see that my father was very , very happy .
it &apos;s only about 300 dollars , and to test this test at the  UNK  .
so , in the future , every time you use your phones , let you remind you that you have to fight for your personal life .
but it &apos;s really good to parkinson &apos;s disease and other disorders , they don &apos;t have  UNK  , so there &apos;s no standard test that you can do , and the best thing that we have is this .
so , that means that people will be able to be able to be able to call their mobile phones and they test this test , and those who have parkinson &apos;s call , their voice , and then the doctors can check their progress , see their health .
and i was  UNK  on the  UNK  , there was an article that was written , and i felt  UNK  ,  UNK  , my  UNK  ,  UNK  my  UNK  , and i  UNK  my  UNK  , and i  UNK  my  UNK  , and i  UNK  my  UNK  , and i  UNK  the  UNK  to me , and i  UNK
and of course , everything in africa is good .
so at the bottom , you can see an example of a  UNK  of  UNK  .
i don &apos;t know that it &apos;s interesting to listen to your story .
thank you very much .
in the himalayas , i saw children that have been so many miles across the mountain down below the surface .
i need to note that these nets are close to  UNK  .
who is someone who &apos;s who ? who is somebody who sent someone ?
so in  UNK  , they saw this  UNK  technology that made in life in new york city .
what can you do ? do you do ?
we love  UNK   UNK  and dance  UNK  .
because even though it was arrested , but it was finally released by the  UNK  from the international community .
please don &apos;t tell me that i &apos;m normal .
finally , our breakthrough has been given and successful .
however , there are millions of people on the globe , and they have to live in the state of  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  symptoms with this disease . what we need to be the tools for the privilege to detect before .
this is a photograph from the north pole in night with the surrounding water .
we &apos;re really amazed about the people , in the  UNK  valley like this .
when the children were alive , to keep their lives , they were all around , everything was left behind .
i went to many villages in india , where many families were  UNK  in the fire .
i &apos;m yelling .
you can see here how thousands of people stood up and  UNK  to change .
so today i &apos;m going to try to explain to you what i do .
behind me , my father &apos;s my father , and behind the cow , is the national park .
to change the community , you have to change the component of the soil .
and how do we share a lot more of our hopes for the  UNK  shops , so our communities can reflect our need and our dreams ?
these girls are lucky .
and i couldn &apos;t remember the first time i had access to autism , but i couldn &apos;t remember one day without having it .
150 years ago , a half thousand pounds three times the size of the american worker .
you have the power to end up with a very  UNK  violence by putting a light .
we have the opportunity to start looking at the original  UNK  , before it &apos;s too late .
when it comes out of the  UNK  , the  UNK  tiger .
we can make it difficult for the patient .
so what i want to propose to you is a traditional way that we can achieve this , because as you can see , at least in a certain direction , we &apos;re all  UNK  like  UNK  .
but if no one gives them that , if they don &apos;t see the effects of food , and the body , they &apos;re going to eat anything else .
the whole idea is .
i use the  UNK  , put a look like a canvas , and the trees and the trees are what i do for that cloth .
he did this thing at the beginning by my way .
i want to introduce you to you .
sometimes they make them .
so i took a battery -- the car car a car , and it was a little device that was found in a car , and it helps to make it feel like when they wanted to be  UNK  or  UNK  .
this is the first panel .
it says , it remembers that she finds out of the  UNK  when he saw it in the first time .
and i felt very uncomfortable at the time , and photography , i had to  UNK  the back and put his hand on his hair .
now , the last thing i want to do is to take my new york and my career work , but i thought that you had to sacrifice my partner , so i agree and  UNK  , and i went back to manhattan .
i was 16 years old . she  UNK  . she was very handsome .
UNK  is almost everywhere in the world , whether it &apos;s illegal .
i don &apos;t like a family  UNK  family .
so -- don &apos;t say that i &apos;m normal .
and let &apos;s turn it into your weapon .
however , after we went through the border , my family had been caught in jail because i had  UNK  .
but most people don &apos;t agree .
i had a perfect memory .
this is your story .
but this picture isn &apos;t just an object for a moment , or something special .
you have to give them a security , privacy , you have to be really excited to help them , and they &apos;re going to me , in the crowd of  UNK  .
a cell phone can change your life , and a cell phone gives you a personal freedom .
the older women sometimes have seen a scanning machine , but after 10 minutes , looking for us to take a look at the cloud , to put in a cloud , a stranger in a world , a stranger , in a world , somewhere in the world , and started to repair it .
my mother had my education became a teacher .
it &apos;s more than  UNK  , long  UNK  .
this is eight years old .
and we started talking about slavery , and indeed , i started to know about slave , because i knew that it existed in the world , but not that .
you know , the fence has been invented , but you want to do your own .
thank you .
driving driving on the street in ghana , along with the colleagues in the  UNK  , a friend of  UNK  in a  UNK  ,  UNK  it ,  UNK  the  UNK
why science is related to us .
our society has a conversation with a national dialogue , and the more of the building is rather than the election , which is more  UNK  and more  UNK  .
so , what &apos;s going to be about to me , you want to make a crazy  UNK  .
i had a little bit scared .
but why is that information ?
there &apos;s no technology to do that .
since then we started to visit the  UNK  .
no one was denied , and fortunately is no one with her camera .
there &apos;s a lot of ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
the opportunity for the great improvement , progress and the change changes when we try to become like somebody else .
this is me in the same day as a photograph .
we can &apos;t fix it if you &apos;re not clean , it &apos;s hard .
when i sing sing songs from our childhood , trying to remember those words that i can &apos;t , i call him a little bit : we know how about how the brain is , and what we don &apos;t know about .
but there &apos;s hope that you can go to this house and go somewhere else where we &apos;re paid .
in fact , my students  UNK  , i had to beat him , because he did some amazing work , he had shown that this could be done through the mobile phone , which allows this project to be implemented , and that &apos;s exactly the 99 percent .
we were all of our books in the wind , so that people would think we were just shopping .
and he said , &quot; if you want to kill me , but i &apos;m not going to destroy the future of my daughter because of the  UNK  and the
these pictures are not about themselves . they &apos;re about people , people , you know , like you and me , they &apos;re all the right to each other , honor and respect for each other .
this is  UNK  . when his father died , he &apos;s got the  UNK  .
so for the online and the  UNK  data , i do the same thing .
so i had an idea .
i was incredibly lucky to get a lot of help , and i was inspired by my entire life , so i wanted to be able to help them to bring my country to an opportunity to develop with the support of international aid .
look , it &apos;s kind of  UNK  , but it &apos;s going to be  UNK  , but there &apos;s a lot of luck , but there &apos;s a lot more lucky than work in the state of  UNK  , there are children .
the most important thing is .
in the past decade , we &apos;ve been  UNK  is not only healthy and young and the  UNK  that we &apos;re programmed for biology to desire , but also  UNK  and  UNK  , and white .
we &apos;re trying to identify their basic ecology , and in the oil where they come .
and the cat here is the use of  UNK  and easy to the audience can be based on that if they don &apos;t have , and then use images of the senses to help us understand more deeply .
and then , we didn &apos;t know how it was going to change our lives .
i even pasted my friends about my community , and we installed the light for them to treat it , and i teach them how to build them .
i &apos;m talking about the work for people , and pull out the kids out of the street , and they tell the joy of joy , and proud of honor to be in their food , for the farmers .
UNK  in the dark room , and where they are the sun .
the  UNK  is a material that we &apos;re using to use most of the  UNK  in the netherlands , it has a  UNK  , and it &apos;s just  UNK  through the hole , so you &apos;re going to be able to get out there , and you &apos;ll have a  UNK  road to drive . so there &apos;s no
when is the name of the name ? it &apos;s  UNK  , killing death ! and they &apos;re going to kill his presentation .
the engine is not sustainable .
a lot . today , most of us have a mobile phone .
well , to get back , i can tell you that we &apos;ve created a kind of material , steel , steel ,  UNK  , to actually increase the flow of the  UNK  , to be able to actually increase the life expectancy of the  UNK  , which is even more likely to be able to increase the increase
this is a  UNK  in this picture , almost to be  UNK  by hand , or  UNK  , from the colors and the rest of the
but mostly it &apos;s hard to take a legacy of gender and the  UNK  problem while i was one of the biggest ones .
this is a way to investigate social media because you know who &apos;s talking to people , who can send emails , all that can be if you have access to this information .
it can take months for months .
so what i do in the first year at  UNK  is just  UNK  on the road , and in three days i &apos;ve got the first one of the people in a garage , called  UNK  , and i helped him to give you a restaurant in the  UNK  , and the  UNK  , and then , and then
but since i published &quot;  UNK  , &quot; i &apos;ve heard hundreds of stories from men and women who have gone out , who learned a life lesson from the things that happened , and the people who build their lives -- happy , like the staff , the  UNK  , the lives of life , the lives of
UNK  also has a great history of their importance .
a lot of them .
but what you do is the heat of steel , you make  UNK  plastic , and plastic  UNK  will run into these little  UNK  , and the  UNK  will be  UNK  .
nearly two years has been since since the  UNK  in libya , it &apos;s added to  UNK  by the  UNK  of  UNK  in the  UNK  from tunisia in egypt and egypt .
i discovered that lions are moving .
unfortunately , after you learn it , you write  UNK  and used some things , you can &apos;t say anything else , because if you say you want to be president president of your  UNK  , you know , &quot; that &apos;s the  UNK  : 10 years , &quot; you will look at your other .
now we taught about business school for 16 children at  UNK  , we started the classroom by giving them the first two  UNK  of the richard  UNK  , and the work of these 16 years is the  UNK  , in the first two pages of  UNK  richard  UNK   UNK  , &quot; and how many times you use the word
this is one of those who had been killed in the evening , and when i woke up in the morning i found it was dead , and i felt very sad , because that &apos;s the only father that we had .
my soul is always been  UNK  by the  UNK  trees ,  UNK  the  UNK  , the  UNK  and the  UNK  years , and
my  UNK  team once said , it &apos;s like a tattoo .
your children can be lost . you can get away from the time of war .
and finally , i had a deal with them .
the foreign fighters protect our communities and cattle , are very concerned about this .
from a young age , i used to work in my room every day , and i even had a radio radio of my mom , and that night was nearly killed me , but i learned a lot about electricity .
in fact , i &apos;m going to wait for everyone else from other cultures like my  UNK  .
that would actually take a trip to the clinic , and if the patient could be able to make a test , then ?
we are more comfortable , the more beautiful , beautiful , beautiful things that can &apos;t be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
with a  UNK  community , we can have about 200 people .
the school in a house , more than 100 children us in a living room .
we can do the observations with high frequencies to get the data .
and this is my father was the first person in his family .
where do i come from ? and who am i ?
in the age of our development , it &apos;s more important than ever to find the way to look at the way and to think that life is short and  UNK  .
kofi is the embodiment of the ability .
we need to use acts like  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
there &apos;s a problem in the community meetings .
i was wrong to think that i was the only case and i was alone in this .
today i just have a request .
the  UNK  of the world is found mainly in the united states , like  UNK   UNK  and  UNK   UNK  the world &apos;s  UNK  world , where there &apos;s about 16 species . in this one of these 16 species that are  UNK  .
he was rescued from a  UNK  village .
one day , the nightmare was in the truth , i was attacked by the chinese police and brought to police police .
now i want to introduce you to my brother .
and the council that even had to call me and said that they were and they were doing what we were doing .
and because the  UNK   UNK  is growing up in the cage , it &apos;s the  UNK  of the
i want to leave you because you know what ?
he had a big smile , it was very unusual for the news that he did .
it started  UNK   UNK  , so a few weeks later , i flew to los angeles to meet the director of  UNK  and asked them to help them .
not everybody has an opportunity to do this .
i don &apos;t want to play like other babies , and in fact , i don &apos;t seem to be interested in anything or anything else .
i heard the voice , but it was almost a  UNK  of  UNK  , and they had been dismantled by the tools .
when i was a kid , i think that the money was the best country in the world , and i used to sing , &quot; we don &apos;t have to envy . &quot;
it &apos;s a sense of some people , &quot; this is her fault , &quot; as if the victim have chosen to be  UNK  with us .
and i think this is why the lion in the national park is very little .
they said , we don &apos;t want to store this personal information .
he was really frustrated for the wedding and his family with my family .
when you see a little bit like this , the first thing that comes out in your head is that , these are the creatures that are disgusting , ugly , to eat and  UNK  to you .
reading it from an african woman , the damage that we &apos;ve made .
we don &apos;t have to go to clinic .
we all know that the risk of our own lives , teachers and our parents .
the air is flowing around and  UNK  hot , and it &apos;s not breathing .
and this is me now .
and that &apos;s a great revolution .
i &apos;m sure you &apos;re in the people who are listening to me , is that people who are being persecuted or people who are being persecuted when they are .
i watched my own dream became an educational tool , a tool for the transformation of my life .
kenya is going to be the largest field of africa in africa with  UNK  engine will be built in  UNK  .
today i &apos;m here to talk about a question of questions that the answer is  UNK  .
and especially if you go to a bike , and you can go through these cars , it &apos;s not good .
so we &apos;re taught that &quot; our tolerance win . &quot;
so they killed lions .
well , i couldn &apos;t deny that there were some tough moments in my family , but the moment i would love my kids .
and i said , &quot; okay . i &apos;m here . &quot;
and i stood on this stage because i &apos;m a model .
he didn &apos;t start alone .
the aspiration of men &apos;s for the  UNK  of the individual is the most important thing .
it &apos;s built from asphalt , and it &apos;s a kind of material that &apos;s running around it , and it &apos;s not all the time , but it &apos;s not always , but it &apos;s not all the time today .
these guys were  UNK  in the grave in the grave in a different area of ghana .
and all over the world , every 20 minutes you have a diagnosis diagnosed with autism , and even though it &apos;s one of these disorders that are growing up in the fastest world , we don &apos;t know whether or the treatment .
the next question that people always ask me is , &quot; can you become a  UNK  when i &apos;m big ? &quot;
but a lot of people died .
in a culture culture , they do it very important . in places like , in the workplace , there &apos;s no way to choose to die , or not  UNK  to  UNK  them , so the  UNK  provide a  UNK  system .
but i didn &apos;t give up . i kept thinking .
this is where i &apos;m sitting in the  UNK  , the  UNK   UNK  , and the great news is , when you and i &apos;m talking to you today , who has been reunited with my family , and better , your family is a tool to make a living room and keep them safe .
the other day we woke up with the  UNK  of the military troops .
so we can get help from the international community for education , training english , teach , and many other fields .
we can do it again .
they &apos;ve  UNK  a mirror of  UNK  in the  UNK  with the  UNK  dictator .
i was incredibly scared , and it felt like i was going to explode .
i was 22 years old .
and i &apos;m standing on this stage because i &apos;m beautiful , a white woman , and in the background , we call it a  UNK  girl .
there &apos;s only one word : the staircase that comes from .
but the north korea are not so fortunate .
hello . i &apos;m a  UNK  , and for a short period of time , i &apos;m a model .
if you &apos;re the right here at the bottom , it &apos;s the same kind of interactive interface , and when the client says , &quot; you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
the bottom line is closer to over 24 meters , and more than three miles away from the land .
you want to read the book , or read &quot; the aid aid , &quot; written by  UNK   UNK  , a  UNK  economist .
you &apos;ll be surprised to see how the kids are affected .
so i had this scholarship . yes .
the  UNK  has the same system works .
by the way , we  UNK  the  UNK   UNK  , and after about one hour in the woods , the birds in the back of the rains , so i was able to  UNK  the  UNK  , and when i went out in the back .
because peace is  UNK  , it needs to  UNK  ,  UNK  between  UNK  and women .
you don &apos;t have to design a whole new system a new system to do this experiment .
i hope you can see -- these pictures are not my image .
&quot; you can actually go to school . &quot;
and you can get water on the yellow line .
we met at the coffee shop .
so how do these trials on this voice compared to the clinical trial ?
&quot; before i die , i wanted to sing for millions of people . &quot;
the next question that people always ask me , &quot; are all of you all right ? &quot;
this is an industrial design for countries like china or iran .
i lived in this house , and i think how i could do it became a beautiful place for my neighborhood , and i also think about something that could change my life forever .
i installed it in my home two years ago , since we didn &apos;t have any problem with lions .
it &apos;s like a restaurant .
this is my view , took her three months before .
luckily i was in a different suit .
autonomy and the life of the digital technology isn &apos;t conflict .
this is the first principle of aid .
i got these things that were going to remember , and because i was , because i was somebody who i was , and i had people who are willing to spend more money on their appearance , not because they were .
kenya , the world , it &apos;s much more poor than if there &apos;s no such thing .
i thought , oh , oh , i feel bad because they were there , and i told them that , two people know , don &apos;t have to do that .
for five years later , i was like a boy in my son to walk with me just a secret school because i was thrown out of my house .
when i talk to you today , these guys are still in six of them , the lives of life that don &apos;t have or  UNK  , and they will die .
the other day we woke up with news about the american  UNK  and  UNK  attacks .
what we can do is we use  UNK  with steel  UNK  , and we cut off the  UNK  of steel , and we  UNK  these little  UNK  , and we  UNK  these little  UNK  with plastic plastic .
you see , some people can &apos;t do that . maybe they don &apos;t call me .
i felt embarrassed when i saw people in the dark , i was still alive , and that &apos;s more than the reason for me to do this . people ask me , &quot;  UNK  , are you not afraid of what you &apos;re going to steal your food ? &quot;
we need to start to act like compassion and tolerance .
this was taken a couple of weeks after 9 / 11 , and i tried to explain what was happening in the ways that a child can be understood .
and my second idea was to use  UNK  .
there are men , they helped me from that truck .
two little boys , now , there &apos;s no longer remember , two of her son are at school , two different schools .
as you can see , the lights on the outside , because that &apos;s the  UNK  .
i realized that my men would love me to kill me if i left him .
&quot; before i die , i want to try . &quot;
we &apos;re going to have our grandchildren in your streets .
exactly .
it &apos;s a great pleasure of beauty that the difference for us , and what we do is that we don &apos;t mean , is something we don &apos;t .
a year ago , i was just a little boy in my  UNK  foot for my father , i used to see the flying airplanes , and i said to myself that one day , i would be sitting inside it .
i see young people who want to work , but they &apos;re  UNK  , you know , i can see these kids , and they just go to the path that they are , and they &apos;re not going to .
the strange is that i &apos;ve come to most of these places .
the  UNK  can affect your daughter , your cousin , your best friend right now .
for the first time i had my apartment , i had my own american heritage , and i had a big secret .
after i got the money and i asked the bribe , my family was released in a month , and then went back in half of the
the  UNK   UNK  and  UNK   UNK  that makes them think that i was walking around , but i was sleeping sleeping on my bed .
instead ,  UNK  came home into a friday night , and he told me that he thought he was working on his day , and he said , he was doing it for me , because i made him feel safe , and he loves that he didn &apos;t need to prove myself in the wall street , and
UNK  is the symbol of the defenders and the mother , and with  UNK   UNK  , they  UNK  the  UNK  between the  UNK  &amp; amp ; &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt
if the kids in the  UNK  , they will be  UNK  .
UNK  was attacked to me in my wedding .
i realized i was very lucky to be able to change what you think about about 10 seconds .
also , it &apos;s also a lot of noise .
i was very  UNK  .
i didn &apos;t give them money , nothing .
the neighbors have heard about this idea .
this is a new  UNK  company in europe , every single service provider on the internet , all right , to have a huge amount of information about people .
when charles darwin went out of the pacific pacific  UNK  from the  UNK  , he saw the  UNK   UNK  , and he said , &quot; these birds are  UNK  in the head of toys that are made out of  UNK  .
they will be  UNK  in the horse .
&quot; before i die , i wanted to be  UNK  . &quot;
i went through a crisis of my origins .
so we &apos;re taught to say , &quot; our tolerance . &quot;
over the number of people , i don &apos;t have to kill , and because of being treated from small , i &apos;m going to make it down to a little bit more  UNK  .
i &apos;ve been working on my career working for the companies in the 500 of the  UNK  , like  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
her name is  UNK  , and she &apos;s a mother for me , and her death is a surprise and unexpected .
if , after an interesting list , they still say , &quot; no , no , i want to be a  UNK  , &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; do my boss . &quot;
the sleep room is  UNK  and  UNK  , which is recognized by the number of paint on the wall by the mouth and  UNK  .
i remember once , i had a mother and my daughter , it was about 10 : 30 and i was in my garden . and i went out and they were really embarrassed .
they &apos;re actually  UNK  .
with  UNK  and  UNK  , we aimed to  UNK  the voice with a very large number of global in order to collect enough data and start to four targets .
i want to change that perception . i want to change the feelings that you spend for these birds , because they need to our compassion . they &apos;re really need .
we &apos;re working with local communities .
i took my mouth , and listen to them . &quot;
and this is how i stayed in that land .
but the  UNK  are more than the babies , they  UNK  them , they  UNK  them on the head of the  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
thank you .
so that &apos;s what we &apos;ve done here . you look at the test that we &apos;ve done , and then , of course , this is going to survive in many years , which is what we learned from experimentation .
and we helped them to look for insight , because nobody in the world can succeed .
i see the same as a family is on the boat , two brothers , a little kid , have a little bit better ?
in japan , i was , we opened up the  UNK  town of  UNK  , far closer to the north town .
the engineers i work also taught me to be able to get to  UNK  everything , so i want to summarize with a equation .
i was in a very difficult situation where the election was a  UNK  environment , a  UNK  environment , which is caused by  UNK  and  UNK  .
how are we going to do , and we want to do more things that we don &apos;t have the  UNK  of the
it &apos;s incredible , and we said to the  UNK  , &quot; people watch the  UNK  . &quot;
we &apos;ve been able to make a  UNK  job .
but this time , i &apos;d like to see the truth is actually .
one day we came up with news news to the  UNK  and the  UNK  .
we &apos;re all  UNK  , but it &apos;s very different from the consequences of  UNK  .
because the election won &apos;t peace , stability or security .
the government ? forget !
hello . this is my cell phone .
in november of 2011 , is watching the world in the house , i saw the tragic events in japan .
every son was six to nine years old , in my community , was responsible for my father , and i had to do the same thing .
that &apos;s equivalent to 50,000 dollars today .
the  UNK  approach to store is not sustainable .
the north korea has discovered the amount of money that i sent back to the family , and , for punishment , they would take my family to have a journey in the countryside .
it &apos;s in the food for us .
you can imagine , the town has been destroyed .
we &apos;re very hard to communicate with scientists and engineers to be able to change the world .
and he said that he needed these guns because the damage that he had experienced in the past as a child .
all of this information is stored at least six months , waiting for two years because you &apos;re using a home or the service provider .
they hardly almost not a diet -- a husband .
although i used to wonder what the outside world looks like , but i still think i &apos;m going to live in my life at the time , until all of the sudden .
and we went on to the border border , but i had to use the whole number of money that i had to pay for the  UNK  .
no one started a company . no one .
someone who told them that i was a north korea , so they were able to test my mandarin  UNK  and asked me a lot of questions .
over the last four decades , the  UNK   UNK  of the destruction of the destruction of the  UNK  and the social embodiment of the  UNK  society .
when i was 22 , i graduated from harvard college .
in all the way ,  UNK   UNK  tuberculosis , but still being arrested at night .
it &apos;s not  UNK  .
right in the tsunami , he was responsible for the  UNK  of the tsunami .
because this time is not .
i realized that the problem is the solution .
i want to give you a  UNK  .
i also realized a huge gap between the south and north korea .
and some people even say , it &apos;s like  UNK  2.0 .
there &apos;s no director of art , there &apos;s no samples , no  UNK  , not even interested in light .
so , why is it important ? first , they provide humane services . they are .
because in south korea , english is very important , so i began to learn english , my third language .
and i decided decided to send an  UNK  , because i wanted to get this information .
it &apos;s just what i feel when i exchange with students , and i was amazed by their ideas , and i want others to have this experience .
women &apos;s  UNK   UNK  in the state of parliament in the first elections in the last decade years .
we have a team of volunteers who  UNK   UNK   UNK  to help them resources and human beings , and we discovered that what it is that you can challenge the culture and the economics of the community , just by the way , the energy and the imagination of your people .
the words became more  UNK  and more hours after a while , and that &apos;s one of the symptoms of it .
he explained very clearly that it was very dangerous in the place like this , not to me , but with them .
how can they be gay ?
so what happened ?
maybe you all agree with me is a beautiful way .
they all do that .
the other consequences as being  UNK  , even after the  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  from the financial resources ; and the movement of the food system to eat their children and their children , these kids are often overlooked by the  UNK  of the time of the men who had their counterparts .
when the eye , the  UNK   UNK  of it , and it forced to be  UNK  in the grave .
look for her book .
i didn &apos;t know the second phase of the  UNK  .
so what did we do ? we &apos;re working on these birds . we &apos;re  UNK  the signals into them .
shortly after that , when i went through a  UNK  , i saw a horror that i could never forget .
but today , many generations of family have been  UNK  as many generations as it is 18 .
why ? because they look at the curve on the side and say , if the population growth in this scale , to move a population of the new york city that they will need to be six million , and waste from six million people will have no way to deal with .
thank you .
and , the thing that i like most is , but it &apos;s more  UNK  .
on january 13 , i went to the  UNK  town .
for a while then you call you , and you call you , and you &apos;re going to have this broad network .
i &apos;m not trying to inspire you with the success story of creating the  UNK  list and the elections .
it &apos;s not  UNK  . &quot;
i think my life is coming , but i still try to control their feelings and answering their questions .
if you have access to this information , you can control the whole society .
&quot; i don &apos;t help her , &quot; he said .
it &apos;s supposed to give it a  UNK  , and then you show you the effectiveness of the therapy .
so , the first thing i want to talk to you is that violence is happening with all the people , every religion , every level of income and education .
with a cell phone , you can post a message on the  UNK  and start joining a  UNK  protest in egypt .
we &apos;ve taken a lot of samples from this path and we tried them in the lab .
my family believed me .
some of the north koreans in china has been to foreign fighters to refugees , but many of them have been arrested by the chinese police and sentenced to water .
raise it up . it &apos;s an android phone , blackberry , wow .
this is not a church .
and we have kept asking , why don &apos;t we go ?
until august , 2011 , i made my breath in new york city .
you have to create a new .
but i &apos;m also happy , and i &apos;m glad i think it &apos;s been lucky that i went to before 10 , 20 or 30 years , and i &apos;ve been working with a lot of companies in my career , because when i might not be able to tell you how i have my first job ,
so i installed the lights . you can see in the following , they &apos;re the lions .
i was scared .
my dog is the same  UNK  , and i  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
i want them to take them , but at the same time , i want them to get their health . &quot;
this is an incredible power , but it &apos;s also a fake .
a guy who &apos;s  UNK  from a prison in afghanistan , he  UNK  his daughter , his mother was to school , and because he was his father .
i &apos;m going to be  UNK  , and they &apos;ll give me the information that i asked .
i believe that you &apos;re going to see more and more than a million people in all around the world , including the ted stage .
and i saw their parents and their father like their father , their support , and they even have a lot of difficulty .
a new york like a family doctor for business , doctors family for business , who &apos;s sitting in your house , at the table in the kitchen , in the coffee shop , and helps you find the resources to make your own life into a living way .
so a couple of years , i &apos;m trying to make a lot of ways to share with my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paper , paper and  UNK  .
what &apos;s the next invention of your list ?
you know , you take your camera for a very popular person who is fully popular in the world .
you just need to meet a group of people , because they have the most  UNK  , the  UNK  , and the most beautiful  UNK  , and they may be the best women on the planet .
a million cases in every single individual , that &apos;s why the  UNK  is very different .
it &apos;s about understanding people around us in new ways .
a  UNK   UNK  suggests we know more than 27 million people are turned into the world today .
in fact , they were the first person , and the person who &apos;s convinced for the future of their daughters , but in the context of the society like afghanistan , we need to support the support of men .
so on one night , i took a tree that walked around the ark , in that day , but she was not black .
the estimates that there are more than 4,000 children are doing in their  UNK  , the world &apos;s largest  UNK  .
now , i live in new orleans , and i love the new orleans .
but this gun is actually a message for me , and even though he &apos;s not holding my hands on my side , but my life is in a dangerous moment .
fast pace , only about 30 seconds .
UNK   UNK  me up to two times every week for two months and half years old .
and after the talk , i &apos;m really disturbed , and really embarrassing shame because of this  UNK  in my life , and i thought , if i didn &apos;t know , how many people would not know ?
we &apos;re at the final stage of the first industrial revolution -- with the fuel that we can &apos;t reproduce , and so on , we have  UNK  systems .
it &apos;s a  UNK  because of the plant on the ground , what people don &apos;t care about ? &quot;
the interesting thing is that food is that the  UNK  is killing a lot more people than the accident .
and they pasted me down the stairs down to the  UNK  ,  UNK  .
these are visual images of life in the six months .
they &apos;re all victims of trauma , disease and violence .
in india and nepal , i was sent to a hole .
there &apos;s a great woman who has taught us .
so this space  UNK  has become a  UNK  space , and the hope and the dreams of people to make me up ,  UNK  , and they comfort me during my difficult time .
yes , it &apos;s almost like all the pictures that are made , but it &apos;s just a small element of what &apos;s going on .
so what does it mean ?
so this is an amazing target that i think we can do now .
we tend to think about having sex slavery when you hear the word &quot;  UNK  , and because of this realization , i &apos;m going to be very hard to be safe to work in this particular industry .
in the  UNK  of  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , he  UNK  the lives to save  UNK  from  UNK  .
and i saw them in the river .
we see all the symptoms .
we happened to go back to new york a year later , so we decided to take another one .
there &apos;s a new generation of people who are  UNK  in isolation .
thank you .
because the truth is that i was a typical victim of domestic violence that i ended up with a child survival of domestic violence .
and it &apos;s beautiful , it &apos;s beautiful .
never , &quot; i said , &quot; and &quot; we &apos;ve got 32 times .
on the ground is the  UNK  of a woman who is still holding a child , and a kid who knows just staring at her face .
i can &apos;t tell you about how i &apos;ve gone out of north korea , just as i can say that in the  UNK  years , because my life was sent to china to live with a  UNK  .
this is not where the mother isn &apos;t important for our success .
UNK  22 years old ,  UNK  and very handsome .
tell you what you heard here .
so what do you do -- you hold your mouth .
these folks don &apos;t have , they  UNK  , they want to surrender , the women in the middle of the  UNK  and to the people , and the people in the scene that they  UNK  their  UNK  , their own  UNK  their own  UNK  , to make their own work , but they &apos;re doing it , and
we have great  UNK  . in italy , a tomato is just about this ice . at the  UNK  , it &apos;s .
it will be  UNK  , and they &apos;re doing it right now .
he gives us a  UNK  of compassion .
when the price is a dollar price to give you a product that &apos;s equivalent to 75 dollars .
and i share it in a  UNK  way .
UNK  trust me , as a writer and a woman in which nobody had ever had .
i didn &apos;t think that i was in a romantic love , that i was walking into the first step into a psychological flight , the money and the
and that &apos;s a little light bulb from the battery .
i remember when i look at the eyes of their eyes , their  UNK  , because many people were under the ground .
it &apos;s the hands of  UNK  to be a father , but the green hand and that &apos;s his son .
i live in new york city , and last year , in the short of  UNK  adolescence , and by  UNK  , there are 86 percent of blacks and the  UNK  , most young people .
it &apos;s a  UNK  , and he &apos;s never going to get me .
and you don &apos;t have to do with the phrase &apos; autism , it &apos;s a brain disorder that affects the social ability to communicate society , learning and sometimes  UNK  .
the  UNK  is more than  UNK  .
is a list of  UNK  and the  UNK  between the candidates and women who have peace and peace in the country ?
every time when we use your mobile phones ?
in china , the life of a little girl has been removed from the family as i was very difficult .
i started as an experiment in  UNK  , west australia .
but you can see how we communicate with each other , they call each other , when they go to sleep .
you can see the story .
when i &apos;m going to talk to this talk , i discovered that  UNK  percent of the girls in the united states don &apos;t like my body , and that number to 50 percent when they were 17 years old .
as you can see , the battery solar cell to the battery , and the battery is the battery to the clock . i call it  UNK  .
so i asked the house to use my  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , the largest service provider at the time at the time , and i asked them to ask them , please send me all of my information that they had stored .
in new york , there &apos;s only thousands of black people and people who are , so for them , the question is not , &quot; do i get arrested ? &quot;
i see the wheelchair as a  UNK  car .
i used to ask myself , how did it work ?
so far , i gave them to seven children in their community , and they work .
over time , a lot of images , a lot of images are sent back , and they need more  UNK  , so , again , i went on facebook and  UNK  , in the next five days , i found the people who wanted to help from 12 different countries .
two words from the latin word &quot;  UNK  , &quot; which means &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
every year , there are many of north korea who were taken in china and sentenced to the country , where they were tortured or tortured .
they &apos;re looking for images and  UNK  and camera and  UNK  .
UNK  , i &apos;m treating to any other people from other cultures as if they &apos;re me . &quot; i love them too . &quot;
if you tell me that the smart man , the  UNK  , the person who i came up with me when i was , or , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was , i was ,
in many weeks , volunteers and the local people are looking for something .
even though to adapt in life , it &apos;s not easy , but i made a plan .
it can definitely say , &quot;  UNK  and  UNK  . &quot;
one of the most amazing things that had done , from the beginning , is to create a hallucination that i was a  UNK  .
you don &apos;t have a chance to make mistakes .
i wanted it to be known by the public .
when they &apos;re  UNK  , they , and there are red , they &apos;re just one night , they &apos;re about 200 miles from the bottom and the  UNK  .
that &apos;s the only way that we can go to school .
and yet , he &apos;s dream to go to school with the help of local activists , like  UNK  , and to be like this , , on the face of the people , make me  UNK  .
we have the idea of the victims of the victims of the headlines , but the women themselves themselves , but they are hurt .
do they know us ?
well , there &apos;s still a lot of uncomfortable , and the  UNK  of the this is the  UNK  condition , the  UNK  can happen .
i had a bachelor &apos;s degree in harvard college , and the business of marketing  UNK  business .
because that &apos;s the first time i know that my people are suffering .
so we &apos;ve been  UNK  with the seeds from the country in a beautiful valley , a long beach ,  UNK  , and we teach them to the people in the  UNK  , and  UNK  .
and i was so excited to see my students to my school with me to embrace this opportunity .
that &apos;s why the white guy in africa is called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; he .
ah . he &apos;s ready .
there &apos;s about 10,000 birds in the world .
i see that the american see , the fragility in the changes .
i mean , i felt tired of being able to drive 45 minutes just to buy a  UNK  .
the first principle of aid is respect .
have you ever wondered why they call them &quot;  UNK  ? &quot;
UNK  by  UNK  and  UNK  , they &apos;ve been working on , and over and over again , 16 hours a day .
so with the help of the old friends and every day , i moved on the side of this building into a giant piece of  UNK  and  UNK  it with a piece of cake -- in the : &quot; before i die , i want to ... &quot; to anyone who &apos;s going to be able to be able
and i said , &quot; of course , i &apos;m not afraid of them .
we need to cooperate with government in the region .
i couldn &apos;t live directly for them .
together , we &apos;ve shown our public spaces where we can have a chance to get a chance to have a voice and share more with somebody else .
two of the most important things we have is time and relationships with others .
in school , we spend a lot of time to learn about the life of the  UNK  , the  UNK  , but not to learn about the outside world , except the united states , japan and japan is our enemy .
there &apos;s a couple of times , and the school of a sudden , it &apos;s about a week because of the taliban .
we also see the pattern here . it &apos;s pretty warm .
in his own english language and a dictionary , i told him how much the family of my family . not a little bit of a man , the man who took me to pay for the rest of my family , and the two of the other women who were born .
peter  UNK  is a philosophy professor when you work with business , and this is what peter  UNK  says , &quot; which is really not in a society and a business economy . &quot;
i wanted to be a whole bunch of  UNK  that people could share .
because even though we took the same image , but our view of change , my daughter has been  UNK  , and i was looking at the life of her eyes , how it looked and interact with things .
i was able to walk away , because a  UNK   UNK  ended up my  UNK  .
and then we started the journey in the modern world .
like me , they have dreams .
and if that happens , the collapse of the  UNK  in the cold war will not exist .
max  UNK  : yes . what &apos;s going to happen is , when you call your heart disease .
instead , this slide slide here &apos;s  UNK  &apos;s actually  UNK  . it shows the special structure of bone tissue , so it &apos;s really inspired by the unique design of the  UNK  .
but when i started opening up , i experienced something that alice was going through when she fell down to breathe and discovered the door to a new world .
and when we do that , who knows ?
we &apos;re talking to them about the  UNK  of the  UNK  necessary for the of these wonderful creatures and the benefits that they bring back .
so today i want to encourage everyone here in the photo , and don &apos;t get me to someone someone , and asks , &quot; how do you take us ? &quot;
when i was 27 years old , i decided to be able to people with people and i created a system called  UNK   UNK  , where you &apos;re not going to start any of you , but to become a  UNK  for the  UNK  , who the people who want to become a better person .
no , they &apos;re not going to go to talk to you .
it means that there &apos;s a kind of  UNK  .
so , for example , for instance , storytelling , that &apos;s the way to be interested in and make us excited about what you say .
every day , we went to a different path to not have any doubts about our destination .
i want all of us to be  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
&quot; before i die , i want to be myself . &quot;
less than six percent of women i had learned in high school , and if my family didn &apos;t commit my learning , i became one of them .
and the young man on the front of the front of the  UNK  , the  UNK  of the freedom , liberty , social justice .
i led a new initiative of  UNK  women , because of peace to the  UNK  of a  UNK  , which is able to bring citizens to the citizens , whether they come from , to vote and vote , and most importantly , and most importantly , the most important to the candidates who have to take the candidates
so right now , you &apos;re reusing at the time that doesn &apos;t know that the smartest people in what they want to do with their money , their own .
while i was very lucky because i was released , so many of my people were not .
he told me about two things .
i &apos;m not  UNK  the wind energy , but we need to cooperate with the government , because the engine that keeps these birds .
i moved to new york city when i do the first job and writing for the magazine magazine .
and once again , our car was  UNK  and neglected by a chinese police officer .
but when i went back to afghanistan , when i saw my students in my school and my parents and they support them , encouraged them , i see a promise of promise and the change will be long-lasting .
they were  UNK  .
and i started learning to prepare for college .
no doubt that his children will be educated , including his daughter , despite the taliban , and even the  UNK  .
because they have autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! we &apos;ve got a gift , and they say , the pursuit of normal is the greatest potential .
but that information is not just about me .
and then on the  UNK  of this  UNK  and said , &quot; this is the way , this is . &quot;
so i had to figure out how to solve this problem .
but they can hold your car . so you &apos;re not happy with that .
i have to rely on a  UNK  organization to work in the system to release them , and i believe they can .
the hope is that it &apos;s less than in the middle .
thank you .
and i said that i wanted to be as a monkey when i grew up as a kid when i was growing up when they were growing up .
it &apos;s a small bottle of  UNK  , with a population of 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunami .
and i never imagined that i would have to pass them for 14 years .
they  UNK  the lights down .
entrepreneurs are never going to be , and they don &apos;t tell you , in the community meeting , what they want to do with their money , the opportunity they &apos;ve found .
more than 70 percent of the domestic violence that happens when the victim ends up , and after her father , because then the warranty is not  UNK  .
i believe that key to the door to the world is the ability to communicate .
and the red box makes it off .
and i realized that it &apos;s a huge difference in my life .
we were scared , but we still want to go to school .
because  UNK  doesn &apos;t keep the environment .
he wanted to know everything about my family and about my childhood , my hope and dreams .
they &apos;re  UNK  in the big boxes , and the  UNK  into the  UNK  to the  UNK  ,  UNK  .
and what we do is to be friends , and figure out what people want to do .
he needs them to be protected .
you can &apos;t even know where i was  UNK  by the train , and the  UNK  i i call the communication between those two places .
she &apos;s when our boat came to close , to the boats of the boat to get their little boys .
because my family didn &apos;t know the chinese language , so i had to go through the 2,000 people in china to china .
all the same on the floor , and maybe we can love to feel like that death is coming .
but no one can help them , because they &apos;re all concerned about themselves and family .
they have nothing to compare .
we see the  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
understanding the early signal of violence and the  UNK  of conscience , down it down , just for the victims of safety .
this is the family portrait .
i &apos;m also hundreds of volunteers who understand that they can &apos;t just sit down at home , so i decided to join them with them .
and there &apos;s an idea that there &apos;s no idea that there &apos;s an understanding of understanding , but it &apos;s understanding .
nine thousand nine . yes , a progress .
the  UNK  industry is also used to think about  UNK  .
in the last 28 years , i collected the  UNK  culture of over 70 countries over six continents , and in 2009 , i had the privilege to be the only one of the only  UNK  at the  UNK  conference .
more than 85 percent of the men are the men , and the domestic violence is only in the intimate relationships ,  UNK  , , in the family , in the family , where , in the family , where we want to think about the violence is that the cause of violence is a cause .
i hope that the pictures will make a power source in the viewer , people like you , and hopefully the power will flow , the red will be  UNK  into the  UNK  , because there &apos;s no light , the  UNK  of the
but it &apos;s also selection .
the north korea has to take their identity and struggle to survive is a tragedy .
thank you .
the restaurants in the  UNK  , as known as in the field , is the places of  UNK  .
you can &apos;t get worse worse , and that &apos;s from charles darwin .
let me tell you a secret .
why didn &apos;t i go ? i could go anywhere .
and i got a switch to switch off and open .
the worst part of this is in my head , because when you laugh at the end of me , so what &apos;s going on .
first of all , it &apos;s just like this , i call my wife and she calls me , we talk to each other .
and of course , except for surgery , or the  UNK  of the  UNK  that i have two days to take pictures , there are very few things that we can do to change their appearance , and their  UNK  , even though it &apos;s hard and it changes , it has a huge impact on our lives .
you can see every step of my walk .
it &apos;s very time-consuming .
don &apos;t take a community with the ideas , you &apos;re sitting with the people .
what you should do is to fight for our autonomy today .
i see these  UNK  centers as well as starbucks .
when you walk out of this room , you get the information about the birds , but tell your family , your children , your neighbor .
but the effective can &apos;t happen if the scientists and engineers don &apos;t invite us into their own .
but don &apos;t turn into a form of  UNK  . &quot;
i don &apos;t know what happens in that moment .
i truly believe , if we look at other people like the people , it &apos;s going to be very difficult to  UNK  crime like slavery .
i can put them into the worse than they are .
the first thing i looked at it , and said , okay . it &apos;s a big data .
it has happened two times in  UNK  .
when it &apos;s a picture like this , it &apos;s going to make a huge transformation in your life .
you can see all that .
so there &apos;s a  UNK  .
i &apos;m going to talk about that .
in a tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
for me , that &apos;s the sad question and the worst , because we , the victims of the things that you usually don &apos;t know : it &apos;s a terrible danger to leave a  UNK  .
if you want to meet me , let &apos;s go through your  UNK  and you &apos;ll look something .
but let me try it .
she had many cattle had been killed , and she asked me if i could help her  UNK  .
it &apos;s low cost , and we all know what happens .
life is more difficult to me .
it &apos;s also a huge difference in the lives of the people .
and then they gave us a  UNK   UNK  , which is 400 meters of  UNK   UNK  , where we had to build a prototype of this new material .
i don &apos;t care about religion , and understand that : i &apos;ve never been lied .
it &apos;s more .
i mean , it &apos;s how long it takes a little kid .
but they &apos;re different .
but if we don &apos;t change the part of the soil , we &apos;ll never do that .
but the sound effects can actually detect , in some cases , but with any of the digital machine , and use software analysis to the latest machine , which is now that we can measure exactly what people might be lied to the brain in the middle of the health and the
each one of you call it , or something , a relationship , a person .
i &apos;m an artist .
and i realized that it had to end .
but on one day of 1995 , my mom brought home to a house to a mother .
but a  UNK  after i was a hundred meters , and they were able to put them up to the other  UNK  , which was made up to the gold .
because i can see where i went there , where i sleep every night , but what i did .
and we need to set up to that point before we do politics .
and in fact , it &apos;s my mind that i don &apos;t fit in a normal society , but they &apos;re often and  UNK  .
when growing up , i became more different , and the difference is clearer .
no , no .
UNK  schools , sanitation , ready for innovation and rehabilitation .
now , i don &apos;t know how you guys , but out of this picture , i don &apos;t have a lot of work in my family .
the problem is , the land of the city .
the  UNK  is frightening in silence .
and when you show , don &apos;t use  UNK  .
i &apos;ve just changed the whole thing you think about me for six seconds .
because there &apos;s no reason that there &apos;s a lot about the number of  UNK  in the territory of  UNK  , when you have the  UNK  , you have a huge bomb  UNK  of  UNK  .
all right .
this  UNK  landscape looks like in the world ,  UNK   UNK  .
and this information is stored at least six months in europe , until two years .
and i &apos;m going to answer the questions that people are always asking me , but with the honest .
the best people in the  UNK  don &apos;t know , because they don &apos;t even go to the public boxes .
the  UNK   UNK  of today &apos;s talk about it with your kids , your colleagues , friends and your family .
in the lab we &apos;ve been so many , and then the government , they actually see the results , and they say , &quot; well , how to do . &quot;
it was a year in 1989 , and imagine the people who stood up and  UNK  the change that would have a cell phone in the bag .
this is one of six lions that killed in nairobi .
richard  UNK  , it &apos;s different .
in fact , hopefully that it &apos;s not so much like this .
i want to give you an idea of your model . it &apos;s very impressive .
well , dancing is one of the activities that people do .
some people say i &apos;m home .
their  UNK  their storytelling .
now i &apos;ve seen about afghanistan , and this is what &apos;s often overlooked in the west , is that the most people that we are as a parent , and the people that their daughters and their daughters as their own success .
and then there were  UNK  and killed .
you have to learn how to get these people to talk to you .
i grew up there . i grew up my sons there .
i was in my ph.d at the time at the time , trying to get away from the  UNK  , which is to come and tell you what to do .
and i refuse to make a part of the reality that created this , which was given to me by some other people , and i was making my reality .
we took pictures .
but today i &apos;m going to talk about myself and my phone , and about how it changed my life .
i tried to  UNK  these lions in the thought that i was standing near my father .
photography was my passion for me when i was big enough to hold a camera , but i &apos;d like to share with you the 15 15 that i was most excited , and i didn &apos;t have any of them .
from the sound , we actually have to be able to get rid of the  UNK  where the forest , when you &apos;re affected by parkinson &apos;s disease , all the sounds that are .
and with a cell phone that you can shoot a song , and it goes up and  UNK  .
and at the end , it &apos;s going to be  UNK  .
but it &apos;s going to be forever forever , and if we were forced to have to be able to get to you to pay for africa , we &apos;re going to do that .
i used to hate lions , but now because my invention is saving the  UNK  of lions and lions , we could live with lions without any conflict .
by this invention , i was lucky enough to get a fellowship in one of the best schools in kenya , the international international school , and i was really excited about this .
the reason is that they &apos;re being  UNK  , they &apos;re  UNK  because there &apos;s the  UNK  between people -- and the wild . the communities that are using these toxins to use these animals , but the  UNK  is the victim .
the reason is that the summer of 2006 , the european commission has a  UNK  .
i don &apos;t have the country .
and then i was wondering , what do i do with it ?
children are taken from the family , and  UNK  and  UNK  , and being arrested on the boat on this boat , they don &apos;t know .
and when we were at the end , we gave the answer .
it &apos;s just  UNK  .
so we &apos;re  UNK  , put a lot of it up on it ,  UNK  them ,  UNK  them , and they try it again .
every 21 , i think , who &apos;s good , and we &apos;re doing good at africa .
i was three years old when i was born , and i was so excited that there was a new person in my life .
the people like us are  UNK  ,  UNK  , and we only have two ways to treat other people : or  UNK  , or .
think about it ?
suddenly , i don &apos;t have a country to be able to be proud .
but lions are smart .
when you go back home , let &apos;s tell you your representatives that by the companies and the body can hold the specific information , even though they don &apos;t necessarily have to do that .
i can feel the movement from the  UNK   UNK  through the darkness , but there &apos;s nothing more .
i was always a photograph .
and i realized : one of the most important things that we create is memory .
incredible .
it &apos;s kind of like a  UNK  .
now you &apos;re wondering if it works .
we need you to understand the secret of violence .
and i said , &quot; yes .
less than a month , he and his daughter was on my way to  UNK  their village , and they were just watching that killed by a bomb  UNK  in a few minutes .
he told us to walk in the way down the forest .
we did a study , and we looked at 100 companies around the world , carnegie ,  UNK  , ford , all the new company , google .
and in this picture , actually , i haven &apos;t had any left in real life .
this is the first time that i saw there on the stage of ted , and i think you &apos;re very lucky to see this .
and every week , we built a scan scan of the library in the library , and then we put it up , to get people to get their photos .
we activate the community .
i asked them to send me just one time , and i continued to ask , but what i got was just a  UNK  answer .
thank you .
they were lawyers , journalists and  UNK  , all all said , &quot; we don &apos;t want to be like that . &quot;
we are soil .
for me , afghanistan is a country of hope , the ability to limit , and every day of  UNK  school  UNK  reminds me about that .
you can be extraordinary .
the next step in this violence is to  UNK  violence and see how to respond .
UNK  information .
UNK   UNK  with your  UNK  , ok ?
and so the animals eat like lions , and this is what leopard seals do .
you can see the most important parts , like the leaders in a group .
we said to the  UNK  , &quot; god , the  UNK  ! &quot;
there &apos;s no  UNK  .
i told myself , i was the rest on the earth with the man who had  UNK  , but in fact , i was a  UNK  victim .
but i struggled to maintain this perspective in my daily life .
in order to solve this problem , we built the materials from .
the city i met me , and i was kind of giving me a  UNK  , i asked myself to  UNK  the garden .
because at the time , the state of the federal constitution has been that the european commission of europe is not in the constitution of germany .
in  UNK  , i was  UNK  by the women who were  UNK  .
&quot; before i die , i &apos;d like to be a  UNK  on the earth . &quot;
it &apos;s plastic , as i said , you &apos;ve got a small amount of  UNK  candy .
i don &apos;t know if he &apos;s  UNK  .
under the taliban , the girls went to school hundreds of people , that &apos;s illegal .
almost 200 of the organization was founded in  UNK  during the time , and shortly after  UNK   UNK  -- almost 300 .
they kill our cattle .
the question , &quot; why is there ? &quot;
there &apos;s a group of experts who are invited to discuss the future of new york city .
thank you .
i had to put it in a hole , i &apos;m going to take it out . how to test it .
i &apos;m a south korea or north korea ?
i met the boy in the mall that the  UNK   UNK   UNK
however ,  UNK  has left a burden , a legacy of  UNK  , corruption and  UNK  .
if some women feel frightened when i came up , you &apos;re not talking about it right now , but then i &apos;ll get through twitter .
if you &apos;re not a  UNK  , you &apos;re not  UNK  .
so the green land continues in about 20 feet .
over a hundred million volunteers have helped to get more than 90 families , hundreds of photos are completely  UNK  and  UNK  .
the first question is : what ?
then you have to bring them a good service , separate and  UNK  .
he looked at me , but unfortunately , he &apos;s really bad news .
despite the things that happened , i &apos;m sure that we &apos;re going to be happy , because i love him and he loved me .
and i helped these guys who know how to work together , and you have these  UNK  tuna that are not to the factory at  UNK  with a  UNK  , but we find a way that you &apos;ve got to japan with a $ 15 dollars , and then the farmers who come up to say , &quot; hey
we need to develop a  UNK  that &apos;s not only  UNK  , but instead of  UNK  , instead of , instead of , instead of  UNK  , instead of , instead of  UNK  .
it &apos;s scared . the  UNK  students ,  UNK  books and  UNK  .
but the trees are made out of the  UNK  that they  UNK  in  UNK  , and the kids who are  UNK  , and the  UNK
UNK  , michigan . henry ford .
take your phone up , please raise your phones !
like this .
they want to be able to be able to follow our lives , and so that they want to get this information at every time .
i was completely  UNK  .
one is he , like me , just graduated from the  UNK  school , and that he was working at a very  UNK  at the wall street .
maybe it &apos;s not only about women &apos;s women , but it &apos;s the values of compassion , compassion , and perseverance .
if we created this material , we can find solutions .
tom  UNK  : okay , by taking all the samples for 10,000 dollars , who can you know who &apos;s healthy and who ?
so the building blocks together , and they &apos;re going to see the name of the  UNK  to make it different meaning , so they &apos;re  UNK  into the los angeles , which is going to solve the problems that are actually happening in the city .
with a cell phone , you can record the images of the human rights act in syria .
it &apos;s not  UNK  , but for the  UNK  to the  UNK  , the  UNK  , to be  UNK  , and it &apos;s
i went back to the middle of the room and the police department , to find a way to get my family , and i didn &apos;t have enough money to pay for the bribe .
i feel like that it &apos;s easy to follow the right day , and forget the fact that really matters to you .
because there &apos;s no power , you can be the editor of the  UNK  magazine in the u.s. or the  UNK  of m &amp; amp ; m &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
when the chinese police came up to them , i immediately immediately stood up and said to him that these are the deaf people that i had to go .
but the space is that we can be better than what &apos;s going to happen to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fear and narratives , the people around us , not only can help us make better life better .
we did it in 300 communities around the world .
when you describe science , let &apos;s be careful .
why do i do that ?
we will change the concept of  UNK  .
l.d. was the american ghetto of the  UNK  area .
this is how i help other victims , and this is my final request .
i was married to the second person who had 20 years and had three children .
when i went back to afghanistan , my grandfather , who was surrounded by his family because he was to his daughter , who was one of my first  UNK  .
i want to take away the names -- it &apos;s for them and turn them into coffee for health .
the story starts when i went to new york city to participate in a speech and my wife took a picture i was holding my daughter on the first birthday , and we were in the corner of the  UNK  .
it &apos;s also a place where the  UNK  center collects .
together , we can make our sleep bed nets and our family become  UNK  and safety .
the perception is divisive and the challenges , i like how many other women ,  UNK  at the civil society of the  UNK  society , which is  UNK  and  UNK  to democracy and democracy .
i want them to know that we &apos;re going to do them for them , and we &apos;re going to do anything to help them change their lives .
at that point , i just thought i would have to go back to a short time .
one of them is three .
in fact , i became a model because i won the  UNK  , and i &apos;m a  UNK  , and you might be wondering what &apos;s asset .
the air is very happy , and they share the stories about the  UNK  that they affect them , and they &apos;ve been in their mothers with their mothers , and it &apos;s amazing to see that this idea has changed them , even though .
however , as soon as i &apos;ve been told to life here , i was told a bad news .
and the second thing i want to say is that people think that violence has happened to women , that &apos;s the problem of women .
and then , i volunteered to join the  UNK   UNK  , in a couple of days that came to the  UNK  effort .
this is a legacy that &apos;s been used for me , and that &apos;s the legacy that i made money on it .
a lot of people are deceived by the  UNK   UNK  of good education , the better job , just to find themselves not to work without violence in violence , and not stepping out .
if you don &apos;t want to do , so what do you do ?
and he was incredibly  UNK  .
what &apos;s the knot ? you can see it on the street .
afghanistan is very different from the united states .
they &apos;re the way that we spend time in a week , and our time thinking about our time and how we changed in every year , not just the physical eye , but it &apos;s about .
this drug has been used in  UNK  in india .
my biggest dream is to become an airplane engineer and pilots growing up .
thank you .
it took a week , she found them and knew that they all survived .
when i met him , he did 14 years in the mines , and the wound in the leg that you see here is from an accident in the open , a  UNK   UNK  .
so what i &apos;m talking about is the business spirit is where it is .
but  UNK   UNK  said , no , we &apos;re not going to give you this information .
who are in the room ?
and in the corner of me , i remember feeling the fear of it , and that moment , i understood everything in the hell .
i &apos;m not going to tell you that the damage that cause .
now ,  UNK  didn &apos;t go back into a day and announced that , &quot; hey , you know , all this kind of  UNK  , and all this is great , but i need to move to the next stage where i  UNK  and  UNK  , &quot; so i &apos;ve got to go to the next stage where
if you have access to this information , you can see the activity of the community , society .
this is my life in six months , have been recorded in all this data .
i  UNK  when i saw this happened .
i always lived in a fear where my identity was going to be discovered , and i &apos;m going to be paid to the old life in north korea .
they showed a  UNK   UNK  from east to the west coast to the south pole .
for example , the proportion of obesity in sub-saharan africa is the same time for the  UNK  , which is about 16 kilometers away .
twice the number of people were taken from africa in the  UNK  of  UNK  .
what we have to look at that is how we nurture , treatment , education , move and communicate to seven billion people in sustainability .
UNK  is my art . i in my work .
we  UNK  , who &apos;s fun .
we didn &apos;t prioritize civil rights .
there was no day that i didn &apos;t think about these amazing people , i had a great honor to meet them .
my friend had come to me .
the city has some of the most beautiful architecture in the world , but it also has the largest number of  UNK  values in the united states .
you know ? i can be anyone .
so we have a  UNK  polymer with small steel .
i always wondered , why they have electricity , we don &apos;t .
i met  UNK  in a  UNK  night , bought and cold .
because today ,  UNK  and companies want to be able to record the information that they have been more about us as much as possible , the online and outside .
when i was 11 years old , i remember one morning i woke up in my  UNK  in my house .
the theme is the secret of domestic violence , and the question i ask is that the question is always asking : why is there ?
i was involved in the workforce and outside the  UNK  to call the day of  UNK  and to start a  UNK  against  UNK  .
they are  UNK  , and our story , is the last thing we &apos;re  UNK  , and the first thing we go back .
and in europe , the people stood up and said , &quot; we don &apos;t want to be like that . &quot;
she &apos;s .
five years ago , i went through a little bit like alice alice .
we , the african countries that brought the african continent of two billion people in the last 50 years .
so , i went to facebook and asked some people , and i came up , i got a lot of positive feedback , i knew i had to go .
the first idea that i had was a fire , because i was afraid of  UNK  .
i have a lot of  UNK  shoes that i have never been carrying , this is the exception , but the stuff that i &apos;ve got is that i have in the real world , and that &apos;s what we don &apos;t want to talk about .
this is a  UNK  where it is the natural border between north korea and china .
i was married to a man man and good , and we had three children .
it &apos;s amazing , it &apos;s a slave that &apos;s more than 13 billion dollars in the world .
even when she studied the egg and found a job , then their lives could be completely immersed in a different way .
of course , the people who are interested in doing this work , so we paid them , and sometimes they come to work .
but instead of asking why they &apos;re not in anything , we simply say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
&quot; before i die , i want to live outside . &quot;
but the most  UNK  thing to me in the first session is that he was smart , and he looks like a farmer .
this is a  UNK  piece on the road .
there are two types of  UNK  on the planet .
and then a few friends you call me , they call each other .
it was like , &quot; how am i going to get time and when ? &quot;
my family is not poor , and i &apos;m not supposed to wait .
i want to talk to you about a group of animals .
because if they see something that doesn &apos;t naturally , i &apos;m going to be in the fall and fall out of water .
and i did this project last year , and i started getting hundreds of letters from people who wanted to make a wall in their community , so the colleagues were the center of the center , and i had a tool , and now the walls were being done in the world , including south africa , australia
in south asia , countries like india and pakistan , four types of  UNK  are listed in the list of these  UNK  , which means that they &apos;re less than 10 or 15 years to slow down , and that &apos;s because they &apos;re  UNK  , because they &apos;re  UNK  , because of course , because they &apos;re  UNK
i had never forget my grandmother  UNK  -- she died in her  UNK  : &quot; hey , let &apos;s fight against  UNK  . let &apos;s fight him .
i used to be a typical victim , because i didn &apos;t know anything about domestic violence , but the warning signal or her pattern .
so i was in a very good company .
as i said , when i started , imagine if all of these people on the streets were in the streets of  UNK  , in a  UNK  cell phone .
UNK  is used in the process .
it was the deepest moment in my life .
but unfortunately , i don &apos;t have to tell you in 2007 , a graduate student in new york city is that all of the models on the stage , and in the  UNK  of that ,  UNK  , and less than four percent , it &apos;s not white .
sadly , mental disorders like parkinson &apos;s disease , which is what &apos;s going to give you a  UNK   UNK  , who has been a  UNK  artist .
we need to measure progress progress , and finally , the only way that we know when we actually have a treatment , is when we have a french  UNK  to be able to answer .
look at that kind of  UNK  .
the woman brought us these photographs that were lucky , when they were able to recover .
and then there was  UNK  .
i &apos;ll tell you why .
and you have to ask yourself , &quot; if you put yourself more and more  UNK  yourself , so i &apos;m happier ? &quot;
for him , children are not learning to be more dangerous .
from here ,  UNK  trees .
don &apos;t get me wrong .
because of the border from north korea to  UNK  , so , i had to fly to china and go back to the north border north .
and both are the same thing , but one thing , trials based on the same place .
my new school is now starting to help by  UNK  and raising awareness .
so what happened ? in 40 years , i was in the 1900s , in the united states , there &apos;s about  UNK   UNK  company .
it &apos;s beyond its control , and it &apos;s great , but it &apos;s not a career path .
we want to have autonomy in the digital age , and we don &apos;t want to say that the telecommunications companies and the service providers , all of the internet .
in west africa has a  UNK   UNK   UNK  to market for  UNK  and  UNK  .
it &apos;s called  UNK  data .
she had a long time , and she stopped when i realized it was more  UNK  .
they said , &quot; we don &apos;t have freedom .
right now , maybe you &apos;re thinking , &quot; oh , this is great , &quot; or , &quot; oh , she &apos;s all , &quot; but all of this time , i &apos;m really talking about you .
we were able to do the  UNK   UNK  with the cost of the clinical trial to test clinical trials , which is  UNK  in the first time in the first time .
death is something that we often don &apos;t be encouraged to say , or even think , but i &apos;m realizing that it &apos;s going to be dead is one of the most powerful things you can do .
i was a big dream , but my family would give me a bigger .
UNK  taught information .
we can also have a role like the bridge between people who are in north korea in the outside world , because there &apos;s a lot of us in which we are in contact with other family members in the country , and we share with them information and money to change in the world .
what i want to do here , we &apos;re going to do it .
and these projects came from the questions to ask me , like , what do my neighbors have to pay for their apartments ?
the first time , i went through a  UNK  .
he tried to prove everything , and started swearing .
this is the blood .
i &apos;d like to share some of the secret to do so that we see the science of  UNK  , brilliant , very attractive , very attractive .
who sent the messages ?
and at that time , there was a man who asked me , &quot; what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
and i was thinking about death , and this made me feel intense gratitude for the time that i had , and there was clear to what was meaningful for my life now .
it &apos;s a slide like this , not only  UNK  , but it &apos;s too much dependent on a lot of the brain in the brain region , made us .
so we can create a community where there are people who have a  UNK  experience of a small scale of coffee in a coffee shop , and , but you &apos;ve got your friends to do what you &apos;ve been talking about these people who say , &quot; what do you need ? &quot; what do you need ?
i &apos;m holding my silence .
but what if the patient could do this test ?
when something is really cheap , it will be popular .
and i put everything .
why should women stay in their  UNK  ?
these pictures have been a colleague of her husband &apos;s found in a number of  UNK  , between the long distance , where she needed to be abandoned , and they realized him .
the biggest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three great things : the product you want you to have to have , you have to have a  UNK  strategy , and you have to have a  UNK  .
what we do is working on a team -- and to do that , you have to create a social structure that doesn &apos;t exist .
the idea of finding a radical technology has completely gone up all over there , and there are very small factories in  UNK  .
so are you going to go on ?
they &apos;re very curious . charles darwin said that he &apos;d been  UNK  , because he saw that they didn &apos;t need to look at all the time in the sky .
when i was seven , i saw the first people in the first time in my life , but i still thought about my life here was completely normal .
think about the death of your life .
thank you .
instead , i was a strong woman in love with a man who had a problem , and i was the only person on the earth could help the face of his  UNK  .
it &apos;s an emotional and exciting . and before , i used to hear it out there , but only when i actually experience it all the time .
he was not just about my diploma , but i was the first woman , and i was the first woman who could give him on the streets in kabul .
in the next 20 minutes , i had to run back to the way to go to the device and to get them under the heat temperature , and when i sat there , i thought , my camera is better than the other people .
the other side of the globe , whether in our age , our basic needs are the same , right ? &quot;
they help kill bacteria . they help  UNK  the kidney that they could spread , and caused a huge amount of  UNK  for the livestock and  UNK  for other animals .
they know they &apos;ll be seen by the people out there , like you .
after two hours of  UNK  , of course , suddenly the end of the end of the land , and in front of us is an area of  UNK  , and they  UNK  the  UNK  .
but outside of the  UNK  and  UNK  and  UNK  understood , that &apos;s not a unique thing : it &apos;s a  UNK  instinct and naive , a little boy a little bit of a life without a bias , a man who doesn &apos;t lie .
so i grew up with  UNK  .
and then i went back to the  UNK   UNK  message , steve  UNK  wrote an article about it , and you with the  UNK  , and then one of the members of the green lines that send a petition in the  UNK  , and with the cycle , we had succeeded .
we can see them move to a lot of different countries , so if you just focus on the problems on the site , which will not be good for you .
if you don &apos;t , but as the husbands and the face , will never be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put together in a different image , and then the whole picture .
the aspiration of the woman has for the development of self is the most important thing .
according to a  UNK  in the koran &quot; -- &quot; peace -- &quot; is the word of god ,  UNK  . &quot;
and then when it was done , one of the police said to the other person , this is a false  UNK  .
i &apos;m not a psychopath , not a social worker or an expert on domestic violence .
three years ago , two years ago to use our homes to open the girls and girls in their neighbors .
the book was published in 2009 .
how do we share more than our memories of buildings that are abandoned , and they &apos;re better understanding of our landscapes ?
and if you use the mobile phone , this is where the problem is .
you &apos;ve tried , don &apos;t , and you know , you know , you &apos;ve tried it before .
when he was about my home , phone  UNK  , a  UNK  voice , if he continued to his daughter to school , they &apos;ll try it again .
&quot; it was amazing to travel , and working with creative people , inspiring inspiration .
i said we invented a industrial machine at the lab , to  UNK  the blood .
what i didn &apos;t have , again , forever is a gun in my head because somebody said that he loved me .
my grandfather is a  UNK  .
we always wondered what we know about us .
thank you .
thank you very much .
i thank you for my heart , and i said , &quot; why do you help me ? &quot;
in los angeles , people are dying of preventable diseases .
and i was like , &quot; okay , really ? &quot;
i was very surprised to a very strange person who was interested in .
i &apos;m using a  UNK  , because i couldn &apos;t count the sensor from the stage .
wrong . they &apos;re  UNK  .
for her , after all of these , these pictures were the perfect gift for him , something that could be able to see , to remember the past before that had been raped by the day before , when the whole life was destroyed .
at the end of the road , he &apos;s got us off the car , and he goes down .
we have eight  UNK   UNK  in kenya , in which there are six endangered species .
being bathed in the temperature of  UNK  degrees , the men , women , children , all of their families , were  UNK  in the  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , and  UNK  them off , and i put them out of them , and brought them
i was 22 years old , living in the united states , women from 16 to 24 to three times more than three times more than the  UNK  of women in the age of women , and in the women and girls who were killed every year by the  UNK  ,  UNK  , and in the u.s.
it &apos;s about knowing that you don &apos;t just have one .
i couldn &apos;t have what happened to the lives of a refugee from north korea would be , but i soon realized that it wasn &apos;t very difficult , but it &apos;s very dangerous , because the refugees from north korea in china is considered to be  UNK  .
that &apos;s the meaning of this whole project , restoring the small pieces of humanity , count the connections to someone else .
so they &apos;re on the street .
if they look in the tomato , they will be tomato .
i was with my group , the  UNK  green roofs , we went back and started in the forest forest : we eat it , you know , fish .
watch it . yes , it  UNK  .
i &apos;m not talking about things for free , because free is not sustainable .
and they released me . that &apos;s a magic .
UNK   UNK  . in my language , it means that thank you very much .
the answer is easy .
there was another moment when i was at a  UNK  in downtown los angeles .
five days later , the  UNK   UNK  on the grass has been on , and i wore my mother &apos;s daughter , and i was married to him .
and he also made the  UNK  air of our belief in our  UNK  by saying his secrets , that he was a child from the age of four years old , and he was devastated by his  UNK  , and he was a terrible thing that he was born , he was very smart and he was nearly 20
the collapse of the berlin wall may not exist .
maybe we &apos;re going to be born in washington  UNK  .
i have a legacy in  UNK  .
and i &apos;m here to admit that we -- the whole country has made false mistakes .
but anyway , i &apos;m here &apos;s a graduate student graduates .
how are you going to help ? you can become an active , create a voice , you can write your letter to your government and tell them that we need to focus on these creatures that are  UNK  .
in fact , most of all of them were taken by the  UNK  .
we are victims victims .
what he remembers was , she was arrested .
you &apos;ll be surprised to what you can do if you turn them into a few .
when i work in this field , i brought in a lot , so , with the help of the people , i communicate with people that i would like to take their stories and their context , and when they were and i was safe and i was safe .
when you get these pictures from us , she shared a little bit of my story .
when this village is free ,  UNK   UNK  their homes .
they &apos;ve been  UNK  with ancient culture .
don &apos;t just say that you &apos;re opening up , and let &apos;s say you &apos;re looking at it down , it &apos;s like the grid that keeps us down , because we need to know how to understand the disease and the treatment .
we cleaned up tons of  UNK  and  UNK  from local factories .
there &apos;s a very happy story that i read on a magazine magazine years ago .
we didn &apos;t work from the office .
it &apos;s also a great group of women , i  UNK  the women of women , because of the women , a different from the different parts of society , in order to lobby for the political rights for women and to fight for our rights to be responsible for democracy and peace .
you may have to know who you &apos;ve been involved in this protest , and if you know who &apos;s the leader of the right behind it , it will never be able to happen .
he had to go back to the water to the  UNK  .
our societies ,  UNK  by the thinking of revolution , become more  UNK  , and the far away from the ideals , the rules of freedom , the , social , that we have in the beginning .
after six months at the table ,  UNK  volunteers had been involved in  UNK  , and hundreds of people who had  UNK  their lives over the photo , most of the majority of you had been back with their wives , this is a very important thing .
this character has never been born .
i have the end of my crazy love by  UNK  silence .
she had a copy of the picture .
it &apos;s not big enough .
so i got this incredible  UNK   UNK  with a cd in the inside .
after 33 years , i went back to libya , with  UNK   UNK  , i began to organize the training classes to improve the development , development of leadership skills .
it &apos;s information about all of us .
so i &apos;d like to share the idea of a role in  UNK  .
like  UNK  . that &apos;s not his name , and i can &apos;t ignore his eyes , but as a father of my students .
well , you get the oil .
she &apos;s not greedy . i &apos;m not  UNK  .
and every day , every day we woke up with the rules of the  UNK  forces , and the  UNK  of their rights on the rights , as opposed to respect their rules .
because my family didn &apos;t understand the chinese , so i thought they would be arrested .
but i put my memory back to the things that i taught me about personality ,  UNK  and love and i realized that these are the things that i &apos;m not going to
but then i realized that fire doesn &apos;t really work , because it even  UNK  the lions .
i know that there are some of you in this audience , and maybe there &apos;s some kind of beautiful  UNK  , like , &quot;  UNK  .  UNK  .  UNK  .  UNK   UNK  . &quot;
so they can quickly get out of that out , i started to plan my family .
but what makes my heart is more and more powerful than i think , even though it &apos;s true , even though they &apos;re not seen as normal , this can only mean that they are extraordinary -- and autism .
and i wondered , how do you feel when you don &apos;t have a good food for your health , when every time you out of your eyes have to see the bad impacts of the food systems that are going to place ?
maybe a wind . it takes a week .
this is one of the first photos i &apos;ve ever taken , and for the first time i took that photo , and i didn &apos;t even have a  UNK  cycle .
my community , the  UNK  , believe that we went from  UNK  to all of our animals and all the land to hold them , and that &apos;s why we are .
and the person said , &quot; well , that &apos;s why we &apos;re not in here . &quot;
my father was listening to the bbc on the radio  UNK  .
now , all of these images have been damaged , damaged in the saltwater ,  UNK  by the bacteria , in the  UNK  , , in a time , in a time , in a time , in a time , they &apos;re going to continue to  UNK  . so it &apos;s a very large part of the project
and i always said , &quot; oh , i was discovered , but it didn &apos;t mean anything .
a few days later , when you &apos;re driving home after the  UNK  , he &apos;s tired of the car , and he threw his whole food bag in my face .
there &apos;s no food , the food to eat , because of the  UNK  of the
it &apos;s a good material , if we do the streets of the netherlands , very close to cities , we want a  UNK  .
recently , in a trip , we &apos;re walking around , and i was walking in the middle of the road , and it was just about the red line of the  UNK  shop that it was very little while we were in childhood .
and you have to fight for it every day .
i &apos;ve been working for the ngo to italy and every project we built in africa .
we were lucky with a long time .
my question : why am i ?
you should look at the crap -- -- you should look at the kind of crap that we &apos;ve given to the african people .
the heat and the spread of all around my camera is so hot , so that you can &apos;t touch the button .
and then , &quot; the word &quot;  UNK  &quot; is known as in the tradition of abraham , which is the &quot;  UNK  &quot; --  UNK  -- the  UNK  -- the  UNK  of the  UNK  , the women , the women , from the tribe , every woman , born .
i &apos;m going to prove to you -- for 10 years of the experience that i can do , because it doesn &apos;t look like a surgeon surgeon , so it takes a short time .
i was growing up in a country that was caused by the war of war .
in fact , as you can see here , this material has been  UNK  .
in this period , we didn &apos;t just spend a thousand dollars for the device and the material , most of the costs are the printer .
basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to fold , don &apos;t remind me if you want to  UNK  on the couch , and you &apos;re going to talk about you , you talk about it .
under the weather effects , the sun radiation , the oxygen of chemicals , this plastic  UNK   UNK  in the  UNK  of the  UNK  , will , and if the  UNK  , it &apos;s going to have little  UNK  .
thank you .
because , you see , it &apos;s just a little bit of  UNK  .
&quot; before i die , i want in a tree . &quot;
i think this is just some of the secret that helps us open the door and see the  UNK  of science and technology .
you can &apos;t imagine how wonderful  UNK  and how they affect people .
i &apos;m just a woman who wanted to share my story .
this is in los angeles .
the first project , which was inspired by my first book , &quot; but i live from  UNK  , &quot; is a project in which people decided to teach people in the food .
ask scientists and engineers , or  UNK  with us .
the nervous system is not  UNK  . they all use the infrastructure .
i was devastated because i had to think about my image every day .
&quot; oh , no , i can &apos;t do this . &quot; do you want me to find somebody else ? &quot;
a lot of women  UNK  on the back in the back of the gold , and the  UNK  through  UNK  .
first of all , you have to bring them .
it &apos;s clear that you can talk about the problems that don &apos;t make ideas .
if there &apos;s something that happens in this conversation , i hope it &apos;s all of us to be more comfortable with the power of the perception of our success and our failures .
i want to read an email to end this talk . this email from  UNK  , a person who allows him to send me from the next morning .
and if i can only give you a  UNK  for  UNK  and for you , and that is that you don &apos;t have to be normal .
i was thrown out of that hole , and they were home , but they would never be able to get home , because they were  UNK  .
the penn state asked to me , a teacher who taught me to teach a communication for students .
can you imagine a  UNK  community , with smart and intelligence ?
now the things that see in new york is the universities , because it decided to go in new york .
i don &apos;t remember whether i &apos;m going to turn into a piece of chocolate -- my father &apos;s not , but i remember the last year of my song , my talk , from the  UNK  of us , from my  UNK  , on my first day , on my first day to the first day , and
here we have a video of the  UNK  paper .
in the 1990s , north korea .
slaves are serving for trade trade , goods that make a value , but they create them .
i had the opportunity to go to the front of the first time to join the ted .
the people , the  UNK  people . that &apos;s what you are .
and then you need a machine , as you can see here , the machine used to cook -- a  UNK  machine .
what do you give you a lot of this ?
more recently , if you &apos;re watching the news in kenya -- -- these are the characteristics that are linked with  UNK   UNK  , but i want to leave that .
you &apos;re doing amazing things .
but then i realized , this is my entire life .
well , i do math math and this is an extraordinary problem for anyone who is math , is that we are like  UNK  management .
this is one of my plans . this is what i want to do .
UNK  lives and  UNK  in their own world , with their own rules , and i see the joy in the most exciting things , like the cars around the room and look at the washing machine and eat whatever .
when i wrote this speech , i felt very hard to find a real balance , because on the one hand , i felt very uncomfortable , to say , &quot; i got all of these things because i was  UNK  , &quot; and also felt really excited to you , &quot; but it doesn &apos;t make me happy
and then you have to tell them the truth of business .
with the  UNK  , i see an opportunity that we can teach their kids to their communities , and there &apos;s a sustainable life .
that explains why  UNK  at  UNK   UNK  and work at the wall street and his future would have a big deal with him .
it &apos;s good from a man who became a symbol of new hope for me and both of the north korea that we were really needed it , and he gave me the kindness from strangers and the support of the international community that are the  UNK  that we were looking for .
in 2009 , i lost my father .
i &apos;m not saying , but i &apos;m glad the joy in the way that even some of the best  UNK  can &apos;t do .
he sat next to me in the new york city , and he started to me .
thank you very much .
they &apos;re also connected to disney -- being  UNK  into  UNK  ,  UNK  , stupid .
so what is that is that 86 percent ?
and the noise disappeared .
that means that it can be done .
they owned 42 miles of land .
how are we going to make this  UNK  , again , like this ?
hello . thank you .
i did all kinds of ways to take my family to the freedom , and they were almost like they succeeded , but they were arrested , and we were just in a  UNK  , a very short distance .
first of you get a rock , and more and more and more and more , more , more and more , more and more , and then -- that , i won &apos;t do that .
now my idea has been used across the kenya to  UNK  other animals like the hyena ,  UNK  , and it also used to be treated with the  UNK  of  UNK  .
these are images that are used up , and it &apos;s used by a group of experts , the  UNK  ,  UNK  , and  UNK  and all of their  UNK  , the production , and the production , and they produce this . it &apos;s not me .
but the next answer that i really want to tell you about girls , &quot; why ? &quot;
around the time that we spend on each other is something that we value and hope for all of the year .
and the idea is that it &apos;s not going to be  UNK  .
what i did was in a food forest at home .
i was very fortunate to be taught in a very family family and learning .
there &apos;s a picture of a whole generation of women in the house , from the young people , to come around a baby , who &apos;s been around me , because my home , my mom , my mom , my mother , my mother , and her daughter , on the wall .
i tell people :  UNK  , my friends , friends and my family , who are completely  UNK  , and i &apos;m here today because you &apos;re helping me .
the interesting thing about sustainability , is that you have to sustain it .
and the first answer to me is , &quot; you don &apos;t know , it &apos;s not  UNK  . &quot;
it &apos;s enough to look at 1.7 million trees .
these are the key ideas that a country that has been destroyed as a  UNK  , which is the absolute  UNK  .
and i was stuck in the eye when i read the book , &quot; little beautiful movies , &quot; written by  UNK  , said , all of that , in the economic growth , if other people don &apos;t need help , or  UNK  them .
we didn &apos;t have any infrastructure .
that doesn &apos;t exist .
and i felt like a pressure pressure in the room , because i was not supposed to wear this .
take &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot; the term &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; and &quot;  UNK  &quot; , &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  ,
he &apos;s got this big  UNK  , this little team of big  UNK  and  UNK   UNK  , like  UNK  , and he &apos;s  UNK  .
nobody knows what we did .
and i was there on 18,000 feet under an illegal  UNK  in ghana .
there &apos;s about  UNK  information .
so i &apos;m a global ambassador for  UNK  , this is the global movement for education .
it &apos;s on the ground that we call the  UNK  .
i grew up in cambridge , and at the time , i went to the store , and i forgot that i had put money for free .
so i &apos;m here to tell you about romantic love , a psychological flight of  UNK  that has millions of women and even some men have to have every year .
but instead , we kill all the things we were in .
the sensor can make a thermostat , which is a  UNK  , very  UNK  .
north korea has to overcome the distances to seem to be free to the freedom .
on the first weekend there , i went to help a  UNK  center in town .
the national park is not  UNK  on the ground in the south area , which means the wild animals like  UNK  out of the park .
&quot; when i work , i can &apos;t don &apos;t think about all the  UNK  and the stories in the pictures .
when i look across the pictures , there were some of a couple of years ago , some of the in the  UNK  from the  UNK  . i thought , as a person who i could repair the  UNK  and the  UNK  , and i know , hundreds of other people can do it .
finally , after a long journey , and my family was reunited in south korea , but it was given to the freedom to be a half of the struggle .
thank you .
and that &apos;s true , but it &apos;s just a half , because what we &apos;ve never told before the lens , something that i never said before the lens , is : &quot;
then , when you go back home , let &apos;s tell your friends that the private sector is a value of the 21st century , and that &apos;s not obsolete .
i fear that all these changes are not going to be more than after the u.s. army .
UNK  is one of the most  UNK  .
it made more than a million people die in famine , and many people have survived ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
the people here are supposed to be  UNK  sex in their hands .
it &apos;s like a  UNK  million other americans , i live in a food desert . in los angeles , sitting home to the food and  UNK  and  UNK  .
i live in the southern region .
the man who i loved more than all the gun in my head and death kills me that i didn &apos;t remember .
i met these boys at the time in the morning , when they were dragging their  UNK  , but they did it from one morning .
because the last step in the family &apos;s family is killed .
why is this society that we continue to be a society and  UNK  by the politics of  UNK  and  UNK  , because of both sexes and females ?
it &apos;s about creating space , and it &apos;s what makes the most meaning to us when we grow up and change .
the other question that people ask , why is it not ?
the time takes out of the  UNK  , is a completely different story , and it &apos;s clearly dependent on your own level .
however , there &apos;s a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
we &apos;re a group of sharing a  UNK  , including the people from many different lives , from every place in the city , and they &apos;re completely  UNK  , and everything we do all free .
thank you very much .
UNK  doesn &apos;t stop the spread of disease .
a lot of north korea are being divided with their families , and when they went to another country , they had to start with a little bit less or less money .
thank you .
our society needs to have some of the ones that are more women than the numbers and the number of women .
and i &apos;m here today .
one morning i can &apos;t forget .
within two weeks , i had 150 people who wanted to participate .
and indeed , the conclusion that comes out of this research is that if we take the four the four years of  UNK  -- this is the size of the size that we built it in order to  UNK  -- if we were four years old , we could make it all the time , and then we could
and that &apos;s how the light hits the lions when they arrived at night .
so in order to make the first step forward to this , we &apos;re going to make the start of the
let &apos;s take it up .
this morning , this guy who puts a tree out of the house , and said , &quot; can we can -- imagine a city that is not new  UNK  ? &quot;
buy  UNK  requires a special level of expertise , and high levels of high levels , and can be able to be able to do this with the genetic material .
that &apos;s a real  UNK  .
back to the oven , i just want to cry , but you &apos;re going to  UNK  it up to me and to say , &quot; hey , don &apos;t do that . don &apos;t do it . &quot;
i didn &apos;t know that the first phase of all the violence was the temptation and  UNK  victims .
it &apos;s pretty warm in the winter , but the summer is hot .
and he had a gun in my head , and i went down to the floor , my  UNK  , to the out of the car , when i was driving a  UNK  , and when i was driving on my head , and when i was wearing a while i was wearing it , and i had never
this is me in front of a few days before i photographed the french .
how do you do it ? &quot; and i said , &quot; i did something very difficult .
it &apos;s like an artist , the  UNK  for the walls , i , for the  UNK  ,  UNK  .
it &apos;s going to be  UNK  , and so everything around me all the dark in the dark until the light comes from china to the way that i live in a living .
and after a few months , i realized that i was different .
i mean , well , why not ?
they &apos;re  UNK  .
you know , the taliban came to afghanistan in afghanistan when i was six years old and  UNK  girls .
since i was in 1977 in 1977 -- in my children , i didn &apos;t have that -- i was working on , i was working in zambia , kenya ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , somalia , in the collaborative projects with african countries .
and i want to share some things about what people write on the wall .
do they have been watching ?
it &apos;s in  UNK  .
a tree under the bed bed , and he &apos;s got a third sentence .
thank you .
&quot; before i die , i wanted to be a hug again . &quot;
you can see that there &apos;s a little bit of  UNK  , so some of the north of the  UNK
that &apos;s at seven o &apos;clock when i was wearing sleeping .
we &apos;re  UNK  creatures .
and there was writing : when you read these lines , the whole family of them had no longer on this anymore , because the house had nothing to eat in two weeks .
and in the  UNK  , the group of people , together , what &apos;s going to happen next to new york city in the next 100 years , and the conclusion is the following : the new york city will not exist in the next 100 years .
in fact , in 10 years .
you can become the president of the united states , or who invented an internet , or a a poet , a cardiologist , a  UNK  surgeon , which is great , because you will be the first person to do that . &quot;
i had a black hills , and i had a  UNK  .
in a year , i had 27 27 projects and the government came to me , &quot; how do you do that ?
they wrote their lives as happy ,  UNK  with the future .
you can give someone an idea .
then if you drive up to the red line , you will destroy those of these  UNK  -- as we just saw here .
it became very sacred to us .
but then i said , i wanted to get this information , because they were my life .
he kept a tree in the  UNK  of our car .
so today , for me , it &apos;s not what &apos;s wrong with .
what i do , and what i do about my life -- my life -- has been shown in the seven years of working in africa .
the grocery store , food ,  UNK  .
in the end , after six months of the war on the verge of  UNK  to the people we were able to liberate their own  UNK  and  UNK  .
i was so proud of my country .
i felt like every time someone  UNK  , new orleans .
so what is the  UNK  ?
this is the  UNK  area :  UNK  , food ,  UNK  .
we have the local residents can access to the  UNK  of a billion people on the planet .
let &apos;s go back at that time , in the city .
the secret is that , this gun is  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , which is in the beginning of the man who i thought i was a partner , and over again .
but this is great , right ?
he was terrified because of the water .
a real school .
in fact , many of these people are going to be this kind of person , like this ,  UNK  tuberculosis and  UNK  in the next few years .
tens of thousands of people have been  UNK  in agriculture , in restaurants ,  UNK   UNK  in the house , and the list of them .
the first question is , how do i become a model ?
i was shocked .
when i was going to get my birthday to my third birthday my wife , my wife said , &quot; why don &apos;t you take me to new york times as an  UNK  and a daughter , and then , &quot;
thank you .
for the first time , i was driving to find a secret beach , and i was blown away , and he was in my head on my head , and i was holding my head on the side of the car .
i was a kid in 1984 , and i live in the city .
some of the most amazing people i have met there , i met an advocate for the  UNK  campaign , a member of  UNK  ,  UNK  .
UNK  is the most effective job and the challenge that you can do , especially in the context .
i don &apos;t know what to expect from this experiment , but on the next day , the wall was completely  UNK  , and it continued to grow .
we pull them from  UNK  ,  UNK  .
could they recover our entire information ?
they &apos;ve collected and  UNK  them to  UNK  in places around  UNK  .
food is a problem and food is also the solution .
there &apos;s only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world is , just one , and that &apos;s not a company that starts with only one person .
we &apos;ve never met a single person in the world , who just can do it , you it and  UNK  the money at the same time .
the journey of a bus is about a week , and a few times we were caught .
thank you .
the next question that i &apos;ve been asked is , &quot; what are you for free ? &quot;
it &apos;s equivalent to 20 times the park .
for me , to wait to come to the house to really feel the pain .
however , once a little bit of a sudden , the  UNK  from the election and the revolution of the  UNK  revolution -- when every day we go through the news of violence .
this is a high shoes , it &apos;s uncomfortable , and i &apos;m not going to take them .
we had a  UNK  in the hands .
peter  UNK  , one of the greatest mentor in the history , died in the age of years old , a few years ago .
a  UNK  stuck in the water .
it &apos;s not that time that i realized that these pictures are actually a large part of a large part of these people .
you need to go to hospitals to do that . it &apos;s very expensive , which means that this test is in the clinical trials , it &apos;s never been done .
so -- so the government said to me , &quot; come on . &quot;
it &apos;s around us . we just don &apos;t see .
so many years ago , i have this idea : why don &apos;t we , just one , instead of a community , and to tell people what they should do , why don &apos;t we listen to each other ? but not in the public meetings .
over the last few years has been tremendous progress in treatment .
UNK  , of course , can be a problem , but we have a solution .
the day i gave her to her her father &apos;s day of her son son .
how are you going to be someone if you stand up and change your life ?
but then i said , i wanted to get this information .
they can all of this information .
when we moved to new england -- you know , where the  UNK  depends on to be safe -- he bought  UNK  guns .
and you can see here , like 10,000 people in the street in the street in the street , and they said , &quot;  UNK  , &quot; fear . &quot;
so i helped  UNK   UNK  , the first school , and the only one for the daughter in afghanistan , a country that still is dangerous for girls to school .
and so , scientists , scientists and engineers , when you have this equations , by the old age , or  UNK  .
but the most recent studies have shown in the areas that there are no longer  UNK  about three times four times to biodegrade , and the consequences of this is the spread of disease .
when i was a teenager , i sat in a car who was a very  UNK  driver , and she went down , and we had to stop , and all of what i did was saying , &quot; sorry the police , and we were able to go .
what are you going to be ?
i thought it was just a  UNK  in africa , but then when i looked at what the americans were doing , the people who were doing , who were doing the people who are doing , and after seeing what they do , i felt a little bit about my project at home .
it &apos;s happening everywhere .
so i thought , &quot; great . i can do what i want , because that &apos;s my responsibility and i have to hold it . &quot;
and on the cds , what i needed was recorded .
&quot; i &apos;m going to help north korea . &quot;
you can zoom in , or  UNK  it , you can also go back again or faster .
like everybody , i &apos;m wearing a  UNK   UNK  on top of it , it &apos;s attached to the  UNK   UNK  , i can &apos;t be able to look at the  UNK   UNK  of the  UNK  , and the  UNK  of the
this is where i live . i live in kenya in the national park in nairobi .
UNK  is the police force in the germans .
it &apos;s very easy for some of these images .
i would like to give up to school , but my father , he would say , &quot; listen , daughter , you can lose everything .
it was a small room , where the girls , women , boys and girls , some of seven years old , were forced to  UNK  their customers , even though they bought wine and food .
and if you don &apos;t trust me , ask people to bring the information that they &apos;ve done about .
