so i put the specimen in , which i &apos;m now going to take out to see what happened .
kofi was rescued from a fishing village .
but i struggle to maintain this perspective in my daily life .
planning is the kiss of death of entrepreneurship .
so years and years ago , i had this idea : why don &apos;t we , for once , instead of arriving in the community to tell people what to do , why don &apos;t , for once , listen to them ? but not in community meetings .
what do bullets do ? bullets kill , and they will kill your presentation .
we need to stop acting as agents of rage and calling for days of rage .
if that person doesn &apos;t want to do it , what are you going to do ?
one in particular , a photo of women of all ages , from grandmother to little girl , gathered around a baby , struck a chord , because a similar photo from my family , my grandmother and mother , myself , and newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
&quot; you can go to a real school now , &quot; he said .
potholes , of course , that can become a problem , but we have a solution .
now don &apos;t get me wrong .
he did this especially at the beginning by  UNK  me .
intolerance , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the &#91; aftermath &#93; of the revolution .
across the globe , throughout the ages , our basic needs are just the same , aren &apos;t they ? &quot;
takes about $ 300 , by the way , in the neurologist &apos;s clinic to do it .
it doesn &apos;t exist .
when you go home , tell your representative only because companies and state agencies have the possibility to store certain information , they don &apos;t have to do it .
this is when we started asking passing tourists to take the picture .
the technologies do not exist to do that .
thus we are told that &quot; my mercy  UNK  all things . &quot;
i &apos;m always the one taking the picture .
and what we do , we become friends , and we find out what that person wants to do .
so together with  UNK  online and open data city , i did this .
as he arrived home , the phone rang , a voice warning him that if he sent his daughter back to school , they would try again .
then you need a machine , like you see here , that you can use for cooking -- an  UNK  machine .
those are my dad &apos;s cows at the back , and behind the cows , that &apos;s the nairobi national park .
that &apos;s all this project was about , about restoring those little bits of humanity , giving someone that connection back .
so green grounds has gone on to plant maybe 20 gardens .
and some even said , this would be  UNK  2.0 .
gardening is the most therapeutic and  UNK  act you can do , especially in the inner city .
five days later , the ten bruises on my neck had just faded , and i put on my mother &apos;s wedding dress , and i married him .
i was a doing a ph.d. at the time , trying to go away from this patronizing bullshit that we arrive and tell you what to do .
there she is .
even though he held those loaded guns to my head , pushed me down stairs , threatened to kill our dog , pulled the key out of the car ignition as i drove down the highway , poured coffee  UNK  on my head as i dressed for a job interview , i never once thought of myself as a battered wife .
thank you .
one of the smartest things  UNK  did , from the very beginning , was to create the illusion that i was the dominant partner in the relationship .
i couldn &apos;t give them money , nothing .
we got dirty , and we loved it .
see , i have a legacy in south central .
to me , this is the saddest and most painful question that people ask , because we victims know something you usually don &apos;t : it &apos;s incredibly dangerous to leave an  UNK  .
and i figured , this has to stop .
they help to kill all the bacteria . they help absorb anthrax that would otherwise spread and cause huge livestock losses and diseases in other animals .
i find that americans see the fragility in changes .
have you ever wondered why they &apos;re called bullet points ?
you can see every step i take .
the next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence and see how she reacts .
you see , some people may not do it . they may not get through it .
and i always just say , &quot; oh , i was  UNK  , &quot; but that means nothing .
she &apos;s not north korean . &quot;
as soon as we moved to new england -- you know , that place where  UNK  was supposed to feel so safe -- he bought three guns .
within japan , by july , we &apos;d  UNK  out to the neighboring town of  UNK  , further north to a town called  UNK  .
who in the room has a mobile phone with you ?
and you can even see how i go from  UNK  by train to  UNK  , and how often i call in between .
why ? because they looked at the curve and said , if the population keeps growing at this rate , to move the population of new york around , they would have needed six million horses , and the manure created by six million horses would be impossible to deal with .
i just totally transformed what you thought of me in six seconds .
i have a  UNK  in english from harvard college , an mba in marketing from  UNK  business school .
sometimes you can create potholes with that .
so i didn &apos;t give up . i continued .
and there it was , a great revolution .
it &apos;s not to say that our mothers aren &apos;t key in our success .
and , my favorite is ,  UNK  are better looking .
thank you .
which is why that ivy league degree and the wall street job and his bright shiny future meant so much to him .
i don &apos;t know about you , but aside from these 15 shots , i &apos;m not in many of the family photos .
and my father -- that &apos;s him -- he was the first ever in his family to receive an education .
he doesn &apos;t remember if he stole my chocolate bar , but he remembers the year of release for every song on my ipod , conversations we had when he was four ,  UNK  on my arm on the first ever episode of  UNK  , and lady gaga &apos;s birthday .
when he sings songs from our childhood , attempting words that not even i could remember , he reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind , and how wonderful the unknown must be .
the other question everybody asks is , why doesn &apos;t she just leave ?
so for the next five years , i dressed as a boy to  UNK  my older sister , who was no longer allowed to be outside alone , to a secret school .
UNK  do not help to prevent the spread of diseases .
in china , it was hard living as a young girl without my family .
this person has never been born .
when a photo like this can be returned to someone like this , it makes a huge difference in the lives of the person receiving it .
this should be the first principle of aid .
but many die .
&quot; before i die , i want to plant a tree . &quot;
UNK  was the secret police in east germany .
when the tomatoes were nice and ripe and red , overnight , some 200  UNK  came out from the river and they ate everything .
i feel like every time someone  UNK  , new orleans has a parade .
he sat next to me on the new york city subway , and he started chatting me up .
we started talking about slavery , and really , i started learning about slavery , for i had certainly known it existed in the world , but not to such a degree .
and with a mobile phone , you can record a song , load it up to  UNK  and become famous .
like ahmed . that &apos;s not his real name , and i cannot show you his face , but ahmed is the father of one of my students .
it &apos;s very easy to do more damage to those damaged photos .
thank you .
young  UNK  women and men were at the forefront calling for the fall of the regime , raising slogans of freedom , dignity , social justice .
i dream big , but my family dreams even bigger for me .
and so what i did in  UNK  that first year was to just walk the streets , and in three days i had my first client , and i helped this first guy who was smoking fish from a garage , was a  UNK  guy , and i helped him to sell to the restaurant in  UNK  , to get organized , and then the fishermen came to me to say , &quot; you the guy who helped  UNK  ? can you help us ? &quot;
they were lawyers , journalists , priests , they all said : &quot; we don &apos;t want this . &quot;
we had an amazing local woman who guided us .
nobody started a company alone . no one .
because i want to show the people what does data retention mean .
and if you don &apos;t believe me , ask your phone company what information they store about you .
because of this invention , i was lucky to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in kenya ,  UNK  international school , and i &apos;m really excited about this .
one of them was this grandmother .
this is where people were handing them in , and i was honored that day that they actually trusted me to help them start  UNK  them .
now , for you who may be less familiar with the term &quot; autism , &quot; it &apos;s a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
and the  UNK  said , &quot; yes , that &apos;s why we have no agriculture here . &quot;
when i met him , he had been working in the mines for 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is actually from a mining accident , one so severe doctors say his leg should be  UNK  .
back then , we had no idea how much this trip would change our lives .
recently , on one trip , we were walking , and she stops dead in her tracks , and she points to a red  UNK  of the  UNK  store that she loved when she was little on our earlier trips .
in our age of increasing distractions , it &apos;s more important than ever to find ways to maintain perspective and remember that life is brief and tender .
and let that be your weapon of choice .
in fact , most of them were taken by random tourists .
i didn &apos;t know what to expect from this experiment , but by the next day , the wall was entirely filled out , and it kept growing .
it &apos;s a small fishing town in  UNK   UNK  , about 50,000 people , one of the first that was hit by the wave .
because  UNK  do not keep the environment clean .
it &apos;s tragic that north koreans have to hide their identities and struggle so hard just to survive .
photography has been my passion ever since i was old enough to pick up a camera , but today i want to share with you the 15 most  UNK  photos of mine , and i didn &apos;t take any of them .
it was on a strip of land that we call a  UNK  .
right now , maybe you &apos;re thinking , &quot; wow , this is fascinating , &quot; or , &quot; wow , how stupid was she , &quot; but this whole time , i &apos;ve actually been talking about you .
and then we help them to go and find the knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
hold your phones up , hold your phones up !
that &apos;s the real  UNK  .
take your science , subtract your bullet points and your jargon , divide by relevance , meaning share what &apos;s relevant to the audience , and multiply it by the passion that you have for this incredible work that you &apos;re doing , and that is going to equal incredible interactions that are full of understanding .
then if you drive over the road , you take out the aggregates -- what we just saw here .
this is a family portrait .
for the last 28 years , i &apos;ve been documenting indigenous cultures in more than 70 countries on six continents , and in 2009 i had the great honor of being the sole  UNK  at the vancouver peace summit .
my friend got to come with me .
porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the highways in the netherlands , it has pores and water can just rain through it , so all the rainwater will flow away to the sides , and you have a road that &apos;s easy to drive on , so no  UNK  water anymore .
the passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing .
and this is a legacy that was built for me , and it &apos;s a legacy that i &apos;ve been  UNK  out on .
and i &apos;m going to answer the questions that people always ask me , but with an honest twist .
the day i gave her the photos also happened to be her youngest son &apos;s 14th birthday .
you already tried it once , right , and you -- i tried it before , but i stopped because it gave me a shock .
one was that he , too , had just graduated from an ivy league school , and that he worked at a very impressive wall street bank .
let &apos;s see . yeah , it worked .
to me , afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities , and every single day the girls of  UNK  remind me of that .
i mean , these people had nothing , and they were so petrified , they wanted to give up , but the woman in the center  UNK  for them to  UNK  , and  UNK  on the ground helped them get a  UNK   UNK  of their own , so that now they do the same  UNK  work , but they do it for themselves , and they get paid for it , and they do it in freedom .
thinking about death  UNK  your life .
thanks .
as they had run from the wave , and for their lives , absolutely everything they had , everything had to be left behind .
but when i am back in afghanistan , when i see the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them , who encourage them , i see a promising future and lasting change .
if kids grow  UNK  , kids eat  UNK  .
and i &apos;m insecure because i have to think about what i look like every day .
they own 26 square miles of vacant lots .
this strange and awesome sight was like walking into ancient egypt or  UNK  &apos;s  UNK  .
the chance for greatness , for progress and for change dies the moment we try to be like someone else .
because it &apos;s very hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it &apos;s a very silent road .
to him , there was greater risk in not educating his children .
i want them to take it , but at the same time , i want them to take back their health . &quot;
but &quot; how many times will i get stopped ? when will i get stopped ? &quot;
it also has  UNK  , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that  UNK  can occur .
UNK  stores , fast food , vacant lots .
thank you .
for peace has an alchemy , and this alchemy is about the  UNK  , the  UNK  between the feminine and  UNK  perspectives .
i see young people and they want to work , but they &apos;re in this thing where they &apos;re caught up -- i see kids of color and they &apos;re just on this track that &apos;s designed for them , that leads them to nowhere .
and after a while you are calling you , and you are calling you , and you have this great communication network .
we desperately need great communication from our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
but i came to realize that that didn &apos;t really help , because it was even helping the lions to see through the  UNK  .
we always wondered what they knew about us .
i &apos;m not going to tell you the damage that that money has done .
so what i want to do here , we gotta make this sexy .
so what happens ? in 40 years &apos; time , in the year 1900 , in the united states of america , there were  UNK  car manufacturing companies --  UNK  .
then you can have a lot of  UNK  water in the asphalt .
and i was scared .
i &apos;m here to tell you the story of crazy love , a psychological trap disguised as love , one that millions of women and even a few men fall into every year .
and i refuse to be a part of this manufactured reality that was manufactured for me by some other people , and i &apos;m manufacturing my own reality .
a morning that i will never forget .
they &apos;re our natural garbage collectors .
i was also a very typical victim because i knew nothing about domestic violence , its warning signs or its patterns .
what we do , we work one-on-one , and to work one-on-one , you have to create a social infrastructure that doesn &apos;t exist .
we are at the end of the first industrial revolution --  UNK  fossil fuels , manufacturing -- and all of a sudden , we have systems which are not sustainable .
all this is possible with your mobile phone .
you have no idea how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
really scared . scared of these students with their big brains and their big books and their big , unfamiliar words .
the internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
i was just three years old when my brother came along , and i was so excited that i had a new being in my life .
from time to time , the school would suddenly be canceled for a week because taliban were suspicious .
when you walk out of this room , you will be informed about  UNK  , but speak to your families , to your children , to your neighbors about  UNK  .
the kind stranger symbolized new hope for me and the north korean people when we needed it most , and he showed me the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are truly the rays of hope we north korean people need .
first , you have to offer them  UNK  .
i have never , ever forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in her exile : &quot; son , resist  UNK  . fight him .
this wasn &apos;t a  UNK  , per se .
in a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
sometimes , i saw dead bodies floating down the river .
this is on the street for a reason .
the lights flash and trick the lions into thinking i was walking around the  UNK  , but i was sleeping in my bed .
they knew their image would be seen by you out in the world .
i &apos;m a child of 1984 , and i live in the city of berlin .
one day , my worst nightmare came true , when i was caught by the chinese police and brought to the police station for interrogation .
&quot; i &apos;m not helping you , &quot; he said .
that equates to about $ 50,000 in today &apos;s money .
he doesn &apos;t care about religious differences , and get this : he has never told a lie .
thank you .
we had a victory on our hands .
it will be entrepreneurs , and they &apos;re doing it now .
our shared spaces can better reflect what matters to us as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share our hopes , fears and stories , the people around us can not only help us make better places , they can help us lead better lives .
&quot; just in the nick of time to save the  UNK  people from starvation . &quot;
now , it was emotional and it was inspiring , and i &apos;ve always heard about thinking outside the box , but it wasn &apos;t until i had actually gotten outside of my box that something happened .
and then you have to tell them the truth about entrepreneurship .
the smallest company , the biggest company , has to be capable of doing three things beautifully : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have fantastic marketing , and you have to have tremendous financial management .
and so just as the womb entirely  UNK  the embryo , which grows within it , the divine matrix of compassion  UNK  the entire existence .
that &apos;s why i am a global ambassador for  UNK  , a global campaign to educate women .
and now you &apos;re of course curious if it also worked .
so we can create the community where we have  UNK  who come from a small business background sitting in cafes , in bars , and your dedicated buddies who will do to you , what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , somebody who will say to you , &quot; what do you need ?
i was able to end my own crazy love story by breaking the silence .
each has small , private rooms , where the slaves , women , along with young girls and boys , some as young as seven years old , are forced to entertain the clients , encouraging them to buy more food and alcohol .
we have zero infrastructure .
also , i realized there was a wide gap between north and south .
the funny thing about sustainability , you have to sustain it .
the exciting thing is that i see students at my school with ambition grabbing at opportunity .
and if you ever are wondering , &quot; if i have thinner thighs and  UNK  hair , will i be happier ? &quot;
the passion that the person has for her own growth is the most important thing .
your money can be stolen . you can be forced to leave your home during a war .
it was cool , and they just shared the stories about how this affected them and how they used to plant with their mother and their grandmother , and it was just cool to see how this changed them , if it was only for that one moment .
see , i &apos;m an artist .
that &apos;s double the amount of people taken from africa during the entire  UNK  slave trade .
they are hardly  UNK  .
we victims need everyone .
but what if patients could do this test at home ?
it may even be your story .
i even took my friends back to my community , and we &apos;re installing the lights to the homes which don &apos;t have &#91; any &#93; , and i &apos;m teaching them how to put them .
so we arrived there with italian seeds in southern zambia in this absolutely magnificent valley going down to the  UNK  river , and we taught the local people how to grow italian tomatoes and  UNK  and ...
but instead of asking them how come they were not growing anything , we simply said , &quot; thank god we &apos;re here . &quot;
it just means that there &apos;s a different kind of right .
and if i could communicate just one thing to  UNK  and to sam and to you , it would be that you don &apos;t have to be normal .
eventually , after a period of six months of brutal war and a toll rate of almost 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and to topple the tyrant .
the big sheets of slate were heavier than the children carrying them , and the kids  UNK  them from their heads using these handmade harnesses of sticks and rope and torn cloth .
but mostly it was difficult to unpack a legacy of gender and racial oppression when i am one of the biggest  UNK  .
show abuse the light of day by talking about it with your children , your coworkers , your friends and family .
we see vocal tremor , weakness and  UNK  .
the time it took , however , to get it back is a completely different story , and it depended obviously on the damage involved .
it &apos;s 150 feet by 10 feet .
we have groups of volunteers supporting the enterprise facilitator to help you to find resources and people and we have discovered that the miracle of the intelligence of local people is such that you can change the culture and the economy of this community just by capturing the passion , the energy and imagination of your own people .
UNK  was the symbol of the protector and the  UNK  , and together with the  UNK  , symbolized the unity between upper and lower egypt .
and then somebody complained .
i met him at a shelter where free the slaves  UNK  victims of slavery .
they &apos;re  UNK  cost , and we all know what happens .
this is a visualization of six months of my life .
i &apos;ve been married for almost 20 years to my second husband and we have three kids together .
and i see their parents and their fathers who , like my own , advocate for them , despite and even in the face of daunting opposition .
so i &apos;m like , &quot; cool . i can do whatever the hell i want , since it &apos;s my responsibility and i gotta maintain it . &quot;
and everyone was doing the same .
i was raised in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
thank you .
for weeks , all the volunteers and locals alike had been finding similar things .
aware of the devastation and the challenges , i was keen among many other women to rebuild the  UNK  civil society , calling for an inclusive and just transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
UNK  thousand eight hundred thirty lines of information .
and i &apos;d like to share a few things that people wrote on this wall .
he was petrified he would be knocked in the water .
you have to offer them  UNK  , privacy , you have to be fantastic at helping them , and then they will come , and they will come in droves .
each day , we took a different route so that no one would suspect where we were going .
so what we can do is use steel wool just to clean  UNK  , and the steel wool we can cut in very small pieces , and these very small pieces we can mix to the  UNK  .
at the end of the road , he urged us out of the car , and told the driver to quickly leave .
because , you see , at least we fed the  UNK  .
i didn &apos;t know what it meant , but i could see that my father was very , very happy .
for instance , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than , say , beverly hills , which is probably eight , 10 miles away .
they kill our livestock .
but unfortunately i have to inform you that in 2007 , a very inspired nyu ph.d. student counted all the models on the runway , every single one that was hired , and of the  UNK  models that were hired , only 27 , or less than four percent , were  UNK  .
now ,  UNK  did not come home one day and announce , &quot; you know , hey , all this romeo and juliet stuff has been great , but i need to move into the next phase where i isolate you and i abuse you &quot; — — &quot; so i need to get you out of this apartment where the neighbors can hear you scream and out of this city where you have friends and family and coworkers who can see the bruises . &quot;
and the garden , it was beautiful .
so on the bottom trace , you can see an example of irregular vocal fold tremor .
and these projects came from questions i had , like , how much are my neighbors paying for their apartments ?
almost 200 organizations were established in  UNK  during and immediately after the fall of  UNK  -- almost 300 in  UNK  .
so a boy , from six to nine years old , in my community is responsible for his dad &apos;s cows , and that &apos;s the same thing which happened to me .
my grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
that &apos;s why the white people in africa are called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; boss .
so i got an old car battery , an indicator box . it &apos;s a small device found in a motorcycle , and it helps  UNK  when they want to turn right or left . it  UNK  .
so one year ago , i was just a boy in the savanna  UNK   UNK  my father &apos;s cows , and i used to see planes flying over , and i told myself that one day , i &apos;ll be there inside .
i was given a slap in the face reading a book , &quot; small is beautiful , &quot; written by  UNK  , who said , above all in economic development , if people do not wish to be helped , leave them alone .
but you have to fight for your  UNK  today .
i thought , age 21 , that we italians were good people and we were doing good work in africa .
so then you have asphalt with very small pieces of steel wool in it .
we can do  UNK  monitoring to get objective data .
peter  UNK  was a professor of philosophy before becoming involved in business , and this is what peter  UNK  says : &quot; planning is actually incompatible with an entrepreneurial society and economy . &quot;
there was no question that his children would receive an education , including his daughters , despite the taliban , despite the risks .
we can reduce logistical difficulties with patients .
driving down a road in ghana with partners of free the slaves , a fellow  UNK  on a  UNK  suddenly sped up to our  UNK  and tapped on the window .
the solution for that is to make roads out of porous asphalt .
the first time , i was driving to find a secret beach and i got lost , and he punched me in the side of my head so hard that the other side of my head repeatedly hit the driver &apos;s side window .
but i &apos;m also happy and honored to be up here and i think that it &apos;s great that i got to come before 10 or 20 or 30 years had passed and i &apos;d had more agency in my career , because maybe then i wouldn &apos;t tell the story of how i got my first job , or maybe i wouldn &apos;t tell the story of how i paid for college , which seems so important right now .
it happened twice more on the  UNK  .
we might produce the next george washington  UNK  .
cabin restaurants , as they &apos;re known in the trade , are venues for forced prostitution .
he told me two things .
we have local numbers accessible to three quarters of a billion people on the planet .
and i was  UNK  .
i am here today not at all to inspire you with our success story of the  UNK  list and the elections .
so i set up everything .
my community , the maasai , we believe that we came from heaven with all our animals and all the land for  UNK  them , and that &apos;s why we value them so much .
in 2009 , i lost someone i loved very much .
it was an isolated incident , and he was never going to hurt me again .
i had only one way out : the stairs from where i &apos;d come in .
so planning has this blind spot .
and then there are some friends calling me , and they call each other .
just like  UNK  million other americans , i live in a food desert , south central los angeles , home of the  UNK  and the  UNK  .
so pervasive was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to even touch and  UNK  working .
the real way that i became a model is i won a genetic lottery , and i am the recipient of a legacy , and maybe you &apos;re wondering what is a legacy .
yet beyond the  UNK  and the frustration and the never-ending  UNK  was something really unique : a pure and innocent nature , a boy who saw the world without prejudice , a human who had never lied .
i promise you there are several people listening to me right now who are currently being abused or who were abused as children or who are  UNK  themselves .
because the final step in the domestic violence pattern is kill her .
we &apos;ve done the research , and we have looked at the 100 iconic companies of the world -- carnegie ,  UNK  , edison , ford , all the new companies , google , yahoo .
i want to challenge that . do you know why ?
just like a graffiti artist , where they  UNK  walls , me , i beautiful lawns ,  UNK  .
let me tell you a secret .
unfortunately after you &apos;ve gone to school , and you have a resume and you &apos;ve done a few jobs , you can &apos;t say anything anymore , so if you say you want to be the president of the united states , but your resume reads , &quot; underwear model : 10 years , &quot; people give you a funny look .
i &apos;m 150 feet down an illegal mine shaft in ghana .
i have that black lab , and i have that  UNK  .
i want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share in the food in the same block .
it &apos;s about understanding our neighbors in new and enlightening ways .
he had just been really stressed out by the wedding and by becoming a family with me .
instead , i was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man , and i was the only person on earth who could help  UNK  face his demons .
we cleared tons and tons of stinking , rotting fish carcasses from the local fish processing plant .
and i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
a warrant for planting food on a piece of land that you could care less about ? &quot;
when i was seven years old , i saw my first public execution , but i thought my life in north korea was normal .
if you have access to this information , you can control your society .
UNK  survivors as wonderful ,  UNK  people with full futures .
with a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in egypt .
my next invention is , i want to make an electric fence . electric fence ?
so we started  UNK  photos .
she said she remembers her heart bursting out of her chest when she saw that place for the very first time nine years earlier .
the day of the tsunami , he &apos;d actually been in charge of making sure the tsunami gates were closed .
i have witnessed my garden become a tool for the education , a tool for the transformation of my neighborhood .
this is south central :  UNK  stores , fast food , vacant lots .
this is where i live . i live in kenya , at the south parts of the nairobi national park .
because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information as they can get about us , online and offline .
and still we ask , why doesn &apos;t she just leave ?
so i &apos;m like , man , it made me feel bad that they were there , and i told them , you know , you don &apos;t have to do this like this .
and they let me go . it was a miracle .
this picture is the very first picture that i ever took , and it &apos;s also the very first time that i had worn a  UNK  , and i didn &apos;t even have my period yet .
if you want to meet with me , come to the garden with your shovel so we can plant some shit .
it could take an hour . it could take weeks .
you probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
approaching my daughter &apos;s third birthday , my wife said , &quot; hey , why don &apos;t you take  UNK  back to new york and make it a father-daughter trip , and continue the ritual ? &quot;
these north koreans were not so lucky .
so i want to share the idea of taking an active role in consciously creating memories .
thus began my journey into modern day slavery .
and we were amazed that the local people , in such a fertile valley , would not have any agriculture .
recently , the new york times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 american children are sold into sex slavery every year .
and when you &apos;re describing your science , beware of jargon .
now we teach entrepreneurship to  UNK  in  UNK  , and we start the class by giving them the first two pages of richard  UNK  &apos;s autobiography , and the task of the  UNK  is to  UNK  , in the first two pages of richard  UNK  &apos;s autobiography how many times richard uses the word &quot; i &quot; and how many times he uses the word &quot; we . &quot;
as for me , i &apos;d have to wait until i got home to really feel my heartbreak .
you have to create a new profession .
but if we don &apos;t change the composition of the soil , we will never do this .
but those guns were really a message for me , and even though he hadn &apos;t raised a hand to me , my life was already in grave danger every minute of every day .
it was more like a restaurant .
after they finished questioning me , one official said to another , &quot; this was a false report .
you &apos;re working on other electrical inventions .
but one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from a coworker &apos;s sister .
then what you do is you heat up the steel , you melt the  UNK  , and the  UNK  will flow into these  UNK  , and the stones are again fixed to the surface .
you have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it .
we happened to be back in new york exactly a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
now , we were lucky with our  UNK  .
here &apos;s me on the same day as this shoot .
we are all korean , but inside , we have become very different due to 67 years of division .
you could be the president of the united states , or the inventor of the next internet , or a ninja  UNK  surgeon poet , which would be awesome , because you &apos;d be the first one . &quot;
this was one of the lowest points in my life .
amongst all the astonishing people i met there , i met a  UNK  of free the slaves , an ngo dedicated to eradicating modern day slavery .
i did everything to get my family to freedom , and we came so close , but my family was thrown in jail just a short distance from the south korean embassy .
and on the  UNK  , this was on .
so what that means is that people will be able to — people will be able to call in from their mobile phones and do this test , and people with parkinson &apos;s could call in , record their voice , and then their doctor can check up on their progress , see where they &apos;re doing in this course of the disease .
we started dating , and he loved everything about me , that i was smart , that i &apos;d gone to harvard , that i was passionate about helping teenage girls , and my job .
however , there are  UNK  million people worldwide who have the disease , and they have to live with  UNK  weakness , tremor ,  UNK  and the other symptoms that go along with the disease , so what we need are objective tools to detect the disease before it &apos;s too late .
a mobile phone can change your life , and a mobile phone gives you individual freedom .
my story begins when i was in new york city for a speaking engagement , and my wife took this picture of me holding my daughter on her first birthday . we &apos;re on the corner of  UNK  and 5th .
but they mean two different things .
they are constructions , and they are constructions by a group of professionals , by  UNK  and makeup artists and photographers and  UNK  and all of their assistants and  UNK  and  UNK  , and they build this . that &apos;s not me .
he had these big cheeks , these big apple cheeks and this  UNK  hair , and he seemed so sweet .
but today , more than three million girls are in school in afghanistan .
it was the only way we both could be educated .
in turn , the word &quot;  UNK  , &quot; which is known in all abrahamic traditions , has the same root in arabic as the word &quot;  UNK  &quot; -- womb --  UNK  the maternal feminine  UNK  all humanity from which the male and the female , from which all tribes , all peoples , have  UNK  from .
UNK  can heat , especially steel ; it &apos;s very good at that .
i  UNK  a kind and gentle man , and we have those three kids .
no one &apos;s ever refused , and luckily no one &apos;s ever run off with our camera .
however , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
but this time , i would see the skeletons hidden in the closet .
&quot; i &apos;m helping the north korean people . &quot;
sure , you can say &quot; spatial and temporal , &quot; but why not just say &quot; space and time , &quot; which is so much more accessible to us ?
tens of hundreds of people are enslaved in agriculture , in restaurants , in domestic  UNK  , and the list can go on .
in tibetan culture , they are performing very important sky  UNK  . in places like tibet , there are no places to bury the dead , or wood to  UNK  them , so these  UNK  provide a natural disposal system .
so these photos are far more than  UNK  for a single moment , or even a specific trip .
now , that would actually save on a difficult trip to the clinic , and what if patients could do that test themselves , right ?
&quot; we hope still , though , that we could leave this house someday and go someplace else where we actually get paid for our  UNK  . &quot;
how can you help ? you can become active , make noise . you can write a letter to your government and tell them that we need to focus on these very misunderstood creatures . volunteer your time to spread the word . spread the word .
and here you can see , like 10 thousands of people went out on the streets of berlin and said , &quot; freedom , not fear . &quot;
a huge famine hit north korea in the mid-1990s .
i &apos;m not talking about no free shit , because free is not sustainable .
these images are not of issues . they are of people , real people , like you and me , all  UNK  of the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
&quot; the taliban are gone ! &quot; my father  UNK  .
jargon is a barrier to our understanding of your ideas .
what i &apos;m talking about is putting people to work , and getting kids off the street , and letting them know the joy , the pride and the honor in growing your own food , opening farmer &apos;s markets .
it &apos;s out of your control , and it &apos;s awesome , and it &apos;s not a career path .
there is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of solitude .
after a period of 33 years in exile , i went back to libya , and with unique enthusiasm , i started organizing workshops on capacity building , on human development of leadership skills .
there was a group of experts who were invited to discuss the future of the city of new york in  UNK  .
with  UNK  and  UNK  , we &apos;re aiming to record a very large number of voices worldwide to collect enough data to start to tackle these four goals .
why didn &apos;t i walk out ? i could have left any time .
but since publishing &quot; crazy love , &quot; i have heard hundreds of stories from men and women who also got out , who learned an  UNK  life lesson from what happened , and who rebuilt lives --  UNK  , happy lives -- as employees , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like me .
so when i was writing this talk , i found it very difficult to strike an honest balance , because on the one hand , i felt very uncomfortable to come out here and say , &quot; look i &apos;ve received all these benefits from a deck stacked in my favor , &quot; and it also felt really uncomfortable to follow that up with , &quot; and it doesn &apos;t always make me happy . &quot;
that &apos;s why i  UNK   UNK  , the first and perhaps only boarding school for girls in afghanistan , a country where it &apos;s still risky for girls to go to school .
we &apos;ve done it in 300 communities around the world .
women won  UNK  percent of the national congress in the first elections ever in 52 years .
UNK  way of maintaining things is not sustainable .
actually , for 10 years .
so , well , i do applied math , and this is a peculiar problem for anyone who does applied math , is that we are like management consultants .
extraordinary .
they are very graceful . charles darwin said he changed his mind because he watched them fly effortlessly without energy in the skies .
maybe what was missing was not the women only , but the feminine values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
the city has some of the most beautiful architecture in the world , but it also has one of the highest amounts of abandoned properties in america .
and the first answer is , &quot; i don &apos;t know , they don &apos;t put me in charge of that . &quot;
how can we share more of our memories of our abandoned buildings , and gain a better understanding of our landscape ?
tell us why your science is relevant to us .
they were collecting them up , and handing them in to various places around the different towns for  UNK  .
and he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma he &apos;d experienced as a young boy .
the dyed black hands are the father , while the blue and red hands are his sons .
instead , this example slide by  UNK  brown is much more effective . it &apos;s showing that the special structure of  UNK  are so strong that they actually inspired the unique design of the eiffel tower .
that &apos;s just how i felt as i had those conversations with the students . i was amazed at the ideas that they had , and i wanted others to experience this wonderland as well .
we have helped to start 40,000 businesses .
and i asked them once , and i asked them again , and i got no real answer . it was only blah blah answers .
now this is one of my plans . this is what i want to do .
so these  UNK  tests , how do they stack up against expert clinical tests ? we &apos;ll , they &apos;re both non-invasive .
on top of that ,  UNK  has tuberculosis , yet he &apos;s still forced to work day in and day out in that mine shaft .
the textile industry is another one we often think of when we hear about slave labor .
absolutely .
all of them are victim to injury , illness and violence .
settling down in south korea was a lot more challenging than i had expected .
he screamed a lot .
there were no art directors , no  UNK  , no chance for  UNK  , not even any regard for lighting .
i saw what seemed to be a family fishing on a boat , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense right ?
i &apos;d have to rely on free the slaves to work within the system for their liberation , and i trusted that they would .
we delight at ballet  UNK  and tap dancers you will see later on .
and when presenting your work , drop the bullet points .
he looked at me  UNK  , but luckily he believed me .
but today i will talk about me and my mobile phone , and how it changed my life .
i hope that these images awaken a force in those who view them , people like you , and i hope that force will ignite a fire , and that fire will shine a light on slavery , for without that light , the beast of  UNK  can continue to live in the shadows .
peace . thank you .
UNK  by  UNK  and exhaustion , they work silently , doing this task over and over for 16 or 17 hours a day .
and this information is stored for at least six months in europe , up to two years .
there was a big smile on his face which was unusual then , because the news mostly depressed him .
samuel is 16 . he &apos;s tall . he &apos;s very handsome .
and here i am today .
all this is possible with this information .
you can clearly communicate your science without compromising the ideas .
even though i was really fortunate to get out , many other north koreans have not been so lucky .
in west africa , there &apos;s a horrific trade of dead  UNK  to serve the  UNK  and the  UNK  market .
my dog is a black lab , and i drive a  UNK  odyssey  UNK  .
we tested a lot of specimens there , and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s very interesting . we have to try that . &quot;
why does our society continue to be polarized and dominated with selfish politics of dominance and exclusion , by both men and women ?
i was mistaken in thinking that i was unique and alone in this situation .
he needed them to feel protected .
and we need to establish that  UNK  before we do so  UNK  .
&quot; before i die , i want to hold her one more time . &quot;
they said , we don &apos;t want this data retention .
so with gardening , i see an opportunity where we can train these kids to take over their communities , to have a sustainable life .
otherwise , that little girl isn &apos;t going to look like that little girl anymore , and surely that &apos;s as tragic as having the photo damaged .
but they can damage your windshield , so you &apos;re not happy with that .
i can &apos;t reveal many details &#91; about &#93; how i left north korea , but i only can say that during the ugly years of the famine i was sent to china to live with distant relatives .
so i was living in constant fear that my identity could be revealed , and i would be  UNK  to a horrible fate back in north korea .
on another day we wake up to the news of the murder of the american ambassador and the attack on the  UNK  .
and i cannot remember the first moment i encountered autism , but i cannot recall a day without it .
so i set it up in my home two years ago , and since then , we have never experienced any problem with lions .
gardening is my graffiti . i grow my art .
it &apos;s about making space for reflection and contemplation , and remembering what really matters most to us as we grow and change .
i &apos;d also note that i &apos;m quite privileged to be able to transform what you think of me in a very brief 10 seconds .
we have the opportunity to start to search for the early  UNK  of the disease before it &apos;s too late .
i got tired of seeing this happening .
&quot; kill me now , if you wish , &quot; he said , &quot; but i will not ruin my daughter &apos;s future because of your old and backward ideas . &quot;
that &apos;s a lot . almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
and so , scientists and engineers , when you &apos;ve solved this equation , by all means , talk nerdy to me .
and then a few days later , driving home from our  UNK  , he got frustrated by traffic , and he threw a cold big mac in my face .
in a year , i had 27 projects going on , and the government came to see me to say , &quot; how can you do that ?
what is  UNK  ? you see that in this road that the stones at the surface come off .
but when none of this is presented to them , if they &apos;re not shown how food affects the mind and the body , they blindly eat whatever the hell you put in front of them .
i thought it was only us italians  UNK  around africa , but then i saw what the americans were doing , what the english were doing , what the french were doing , and after seeing what they were doing , i became quite proud of our project in zambia .
the next question people always ask me is , &quot; can i be a model when i grow up ? &quot;
i didn &apos;t know he was  UNK  me .
and in the aftermath , also not the fall of the iron curtain .
so this is the specimen coming out now .
it &apos;s estimated that more than 4,000 children are enslaved on lake volta , the largest man-made lake in the world .
in the cold , windy night .
so i broke the silence .
our society needs national dialogue and  UNK  more than it needed the elections , which only reinforced polarization and division .
kofi is the embodiment of possibility .
it &apos;s about all of us .
hold it up .
you know , he changed his mind when he came back , and i &apos;ll tell you why .
so great progress and treatment has been made over the years .
now , ballet requires an extraordinary level of expertise and a high level of skill , and probably a level of initial  UNK  that may well have a genetic component to it .
so actually , the conclusion from this research is that if we go on the road every four years with our healing machine -- this is the big version we have made to go on the real road -- if we go on the road every four years we can double the surface life of this road , which of course saves a lot of money .
today i use a microwave because i cannot take the big  UNK  machine here onstage .
we pulled debris from canals and  UNK  .
our society , shaped by a revolutionary mindset , became more polarized and has driven away from the ideals and the principles -- freedom , dignity , social justice -- that we first held .
that was , i don &apos;t know what happened there .
because it turns out that i &apos;m actually a very typical domestic violence victim and a typical domestic violence survivor .
astonishingly , slavery generates profits of more than $ 13 billion worldwide each year .
i want to take shipping containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
this directive &#91; is &#93; called data retention directive .
and how can we share more of our hopes for our vacant  UNK  , so our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today ?
i mean , just think how long it takes a child to learn to speak .
growing your own food is like printing your own money .
less than a month ago , he and his daughter were on their way from  UNK  to their village , and they literally missed being killed by a roadside bomb by minutes .
we cleaned schools . we  UNK  and  UNK  homes ready for  UNK  and rehabilitation .
you &apos;d be surprised how kids are affected by this .
but the second answer , and what i really want to say to these little girls is , &quot; why ?
and i was very proud .
i live in south central .
the man who i loved more than anybody on earth held a gun to my head and threatened to kill me more times than i can even remember .
the two words come from the latin root &quot;  UNK  , &quot; which means &quot; father . &quot;
so you got this scholarship . yep .
today i am 22 .
can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , the intelligence and the passion ?
with an amazing group of women , i  UNK  the  UNK  women &apos;s platform for peace , a movement of women , leaders , from different walks of life , to lobby for the  UNK  empowerment of women and to lobby for our right for equal participation in building democracy and peace .
when she collected the photos from us , she shared a bit of her story with us .
image is powerful , but also image is superficial .
let &apos;s go back to that time , to this city .
however ,  UNK  left behind a heavy burden , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of  UNK  .
eventually , our initiative was adopted and successful .
but it is not only about me .
i lost all hope .
talk about what you heard here .
and finally , this  UNK  can also lead to more and more damage .
slavery exists everywhere , nearly , in the world , and yet it is illegal everywhere in the world .
we have eight species of  UNK  that occur in kenya , of which six are highly threatened with extinction .
first question to answer for us : so what ?
you could not get a worse insult , and that from charles darwin .
am i south korean or north korean ?
you can give somebody an idea .
get  UNK  with your shovel , okay ?
the  UNK  in this shot pretty much had to be  UNK  , or  UNK  together , picking out the remaining parts of color and detail that the water hadn &apos;t damaged .
but as these conversations unfolded , i experienced what alice must have when she went down that rabbit hole and saw that door to a whole new world .
they have nothing to compare it to .
this directive says that each phone company in europe , each internet service company all over europe , has to store a wide range of information about the users .
i &apos;m rather here today to confess that we as a nation took the wrong choice , made the wrong decision .
our society needs the qualitative representation of the feminine more than it needs the numerical , quantitative representation of the feminine .
i had no idea what life was going to be like as a north korean refugee , but i soon learned it &apos;s not only extremely difficult , it &apos;s also very dangerous , since north korean refugees are considered in china as illegal migrants .
this was the very first .
so basically , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to meet , don &apos;t call me if you want to sit around in cushy chairs and have meetings where you talk about doing some shit -- where you talk about doing some shit .
it read , &quot; when you read this , all five family members will not exist in this world , because we haven &apos;t eaten for the past two weeks .
today i have just one request .
when i was working in the field , i brought lots of candles with me , and with the help of my interpreter , i  UNK  to the people i was photographing that i wanted to illuminate their stories and their plight , so when it was safe for them , and safe for me , i made these images .
so me and my group , l.a. green grounds , we got together and we started planting my food forest , fruit trees , you know , the whole nine , vegetables .
we &apos;re talking to them about appreciating  UNK  , about the need from within to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
my father was listening to bbc news on his small , gray radio .
and if you use your mobile phone , where you are .
but what made the biggest impression on me that first meeting was that he was smart and funny and he looked like a farm boy .
if anything seemed unnatural , i could be imprisoned and  UNK  .
when one dollar &apos;s worth of green beans will give you 75 dollars &apos; worth of produce .
i , along with hundreds of other volunteers , knew we couldn &apos;t just sit at home , so i decided to join them for three weeks .
so i asked my phone company ,  UNK   UNK  , which was at that time the largest phone company in germany , and i asked them , please , send me all the information you have stored about me .
so i want to encourage everyone today to get in the shot , and don &apos;t hesitate to go up to someone and ask , &quot; will you take our picture ? &quot;
we want  UNK  in the digital age , and we don &apos;t want that phone companies and internet companies have to store all this information about us .
for as long as he can recall , he &apos;s been forced to work on the lake .
this is the  UNK  river , which serves as a part of the border between north korea and china .
but my educated mother became a teacher .
so , taking the first steps towards this today , we &apos;re launching the parkinson &apos;s voice initiative .
some i even considered like my second home .
that &apos;s the whole idea .
&quot; before i die , i want to be someone &apos;s cavalry . &quot;
he told us to follow him down a dirt road into the jungle .
UNK  , michigan . henry ford .
according to a  UNK  verse &quot;  UNK  &quot; -- peace -- &quot; is the word of the  UNK  god ,  UNK  . &quot;
he had to go towards the water as the sirens sounded .
you never arrive in a community with any ideas , and you sit with the local people .
during this time , we hadn &apos;t really spent more than about a thousand dollars in equipment and materials , most of which was printer inks .
&quot; before i die , i want to sing for millions . &quot;
i had moved to new york city for my first job as a writer and editor at  UNK  magazine .
it &apos;s made of asphalt , and asphalt is a very nice material to drive on , but not always , especially not on these days as today , when it &apos;s raining a lot .
enveloped in temperatures of 130 degrees , men , women , children , entire families in fact , were  UNK  in a heavy blanket of dust , while mechanically stacking bricks on their head , up to 18 at a time , and carrying them from the  UNK   UNK  to trucks hundreds of yards away .
and across the world , every 20 minutes , one new person is diagnosed with autism , and although it &apos;s one of the fastest-growing developmental disorders in the world , there is no known cause or cure .
i wanted them to know that we will be bearing witness to them , and that we will do whatever we can to help make a difference in their lives .
no , it didn &apos;t .
what is it , then ?
so this neglected space became a constructive one , and people &apos;s hopes and dreams made me laugh out loud , tear up , and they  UNK  me during my own tough times .
he wasn &apos;t alone when he started .
that was awkward .
as you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing north koreans to secretly cross .
death is something that we &apos;re often discouraged to talk about or even think about , but i &apos;ve realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do .
i &apos;m confident that you will see more and more north koreans succeeding all over the world , including the ted stage .
when his uncle died ,  UNK  inherited his uncle &apos;s debt , which further forced him into being enslaved in the mines .
before march , 2011 , i was a photographic  UNK  based in new york city .
i was so shocked .
although i often wondered about the outside world , i thought i would spend my entire life in north korea , until everything suddenly changed .
and i also ask myself , does it really work ?
i was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was prized and daughters were  UNK  .
wrong . they were all enslaved .
when we first arrived , i went to have a quick look .
a photo is a reminder of someone or something , a place , a relationship , a loved one .
there were no back doors .
we tend to stereotype victims as  UNK  headlines , self-destructive women , damaged goods .
so a microwave is a similar system .
so max , by taking all these samples of , let &apos;s say , 10,000 people , you &apos;ll be able to tell who &apos;s healthy and who &apos;s not ?
you can see the hubs , like who are the leaders in the group .
i remember looking into their tired ,  UNK  eyes , for many of them had been underground for 72 hours .
and when we do this , who knows ?
read it from an african woman , the damage that we have done .
as you can see , the solar panel charges the battery , and the battery supplies the power to the small indicator box . i call it a transformer .
may we all be granted a grace of mercy .
we are lying on the floor together , and our bodies are so weak we are ready to die . &quot;
we need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
i want to share a few keys on how you can do that to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is engaging .
you can zoom in and zoom out , you can wind back and fast forward .
she retired two years ago , only to turn our house into a school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
thank you .
my new school now is coming in and helping by fundraising and creating an awareness .
and it hit me : one of the most important things we all make are memories .
raw data .
you know ? you can be anything .
i would like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
many have been  UNK  by false promises of a good education , a better job , only to find that they &apos;re forced to work without pay under the threat of violence , and they cannot walk away .
when i was 11 , i remember waking up one morning to the sound of joy in my house .
but you can see how your people are communicating with each other , what times they call each other , when they go to bed .
&quot; before i die , i want to straddle the international date line . &quot;
thank you .
this is autumn 1989 , and imagine that all those people standing up and protesting for change had a mobile phone in their pocket .
we can perform low-cost mass recruitment for clinical trials , and we can make  UNK  screening feasible for the first time .
thank you very much .
every year , countless north koreans are caught in china and  UNK  to north korea , where they can be tortured , imprisoned or publicly executed .
this is south los angeles .
this happened to also be a place in the town where the evacuation center was collecting the photos .
this is a blueprint how to survey your society , because you know who talks to whom , who sends whom an email , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
so what i &apos;m saying is that entrepreneurship is where it &apos;s at .
the reason is that they &apos;re getting poisoned , and the reason that they &apos;re getting poisoned is because there &apos;s  UNK  conflicts . the  UNK  communities are using this poison to target predators , and in return , the  UNK  are falling victim to this .
actually , my student  UNK  , i have to plug him , because he &apos;s done some fantastic work , and now he has proved that it works over the mobile telephone network as well , which enables this project , and we &apos;re getting 99 percent accuracy .
not everybody gets to do that .
and i was like , &quot; cool . bring it . &quot;
and that &apos;s a small torch from a broken flashlight .
thank you .
there are the new world  UNK  that are mainly found in the americas , like the  UNK  and the  UNK  , and then the old world  UNK  , where we have 16 species . from these 16 , 11 of them are facing a high risk of extinction .
so i grew up hating lions so much .
i would have told you myself that i was the last person on earth who would stay with a man who beats me , but in fact i was a very typical victim because of my age .
because while we take the same photo , our perspectives change , and she reaches new  UNK  , and i get to see life through her eyes , and how she interacts with and sees everything .
so l.a. times got  UNK  of it . steve  UNK  did a story on it and talked to the  UNK  , and one of the green grounds members , they put up a petition on  UNK  , and with 900 signatures , we were a success .
patronizing , i treat everybody from another culture as if they were my  UNK  .
thank you .
and my second message is that everyone thinks domestic violence happens to women , that it &apos;s a women &apos;s issue .
saying that you want to be a model when you grow up is akin to saying that you want to win the  UNK  when you grow up .
UNK  are amongst the most threatened group of birds .
but then after a while i realized , this is my life .
and like ballet , it takes an extraordinary level of training .
in india and nepal , i was introduced to the brick  UNK  .
UNK  knows what love is .
otherwise they don &apos;t come and talk to you .
the older ladies sometimes hadn &apos;t seen a scanner before , but within 10 minutes of them finding their lost photo , they could give it to us , have it scanned , uploaded to a cloud server , it would be downloaded by a  UNK  , a stranger , somewhere on the other side of the globe , and it &apos;d start being fixed .
many north koreans are separated from their families , and when they arrive in a new country , they start with little or no money .
do they know where we live ?
but i cast my mind back to the things that they &apos;ve taught me about individuality and communication and love , and i realize that these are things that i wouldn &apos;t want to change with normality .
i &apos;m not a psychiatrist , a social worker or an expert in domestic violence .
i &apos;m just one woman with a story to tell .
i went back and forth between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to get my family out , but i didn &apos;t have enough money to pay a bribe or fine anymore .
we take photos constantly .
now , sadly , neurological disorders such as parkinson &apos;s disease gradually destroy this extraordinary ability , as it is doing to my friend  UNK   UNK  , who was a virtuoso ballet dancer in his time .
so i think these are just a few keys that can help the rest of us to open that door and see the wonderland that is science and engineering .
these miners are enslaved in a mine shaft in another part of ghana .
i would want to quit , but my father , he would say , &quot; listen , my daughter , you can lose everything you own in your life .
when i was a teenager , i was driving with my friend who was an awful driver and she ran a red and of course , we got pulled over , and all it took was a &quot; sorry , officer , &quot; and we were on our way .
they &apos;re high-speed , take about 30 seconds at most .
i was able to leave , because of one final ,  UNK  beating that broke through my denial .
we gotta flip the script on what a  UNK  is .
a slide like this is not only boring , but it relies too much on the language area of our brain , and causes us to become overwhelmed .
my  UNK  even called in and said how they endorse and love what we &apos;re doing .
we &apos;ve had , like , 50 people come to our  UNK  and participate , and it &apos;s all volunteers .
so if the photographer is right there and the light is right there , like a nice  UNK  , and the client says , &quot; cameron , we want a walking shot , &quot; well then this leg goes first , nice and long , this arm goes back , this arm goes forward , the head is at three quarters , and you just go back and forth , just do that , and then you look back at your imaginary friends , 300 , 400 , 500 times .
so my first message for you is that domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races , all religions , all income and education levels .
so what i did , i planted a food forest in front of my house .
i fear that these changes will not last much beyond the u.s. troops &apos;  UNK  .
these are the guys , they helped me  UNK  the truck .
and he also created a magical atmosphere of trust between us by  UNK  his secret , which was that , as a very young boy starting at age four , he had been  UNK  and repeatedly physically abused by his  UNK  , and the abuse had gotten so bad that he had had to drop out of school in eighth grade , even though he was very smart , and he &apos;d spent almost 20 years rebuilding his life .
we need to be able to measure progression objectively , and ultimately , the only way we &apos;re going to know when we actually have a cure is when we have an objective measure that can answer that for sure .
when i was little , i thought my country was the best on the planet , and i grew up singing a song called &quot; nothing to envy . &quot;
peter  UNK  , one of the greatest management consultants in history , died age 96 , a few years ago .
what are you going to get out of those samples ?
what &apos;s the next one on your list ?
he wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood and my hopes and dreams .
it took her a week to find them all again and find out that they had all survived .
i was helping clean the  UNK  , the communal  UNK  , the huge giant  UNK  .
and in  UNK  , this group of people came together , and they all speculated about what would happen to the city of new york in 100 years , and the conclusion was  UNK  : the city of new york would not exist in 100 years .
when they came out of the shaft , they were  UNK  wet from their own sweat .
and the first idea i got was to use fire , because i thought lions were scared of fire .
they &apos;d been finding photos and photo albums and cameras and  UNK  cards .
l.a. leads the united states in vacant lots that the city actually owns .
we western donor countries have given the african continent two trillion american dollars in the last 50 years .
it started burning a hole in my stomach , so within weeks , i flew down to los angeles to meet with the director of free the slaves and offer them my help .
that &apos;s why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , i decided to risk going to south korea , and i started a new life yet again .
well you can see where this is going .
and as he grew older , he grew more different , and the differences became more obvious .
i also didn &apos;t know that the second step is to isolate the victim .
okay , can you sell it ? can you look after the money ? &quot;
when something becomes  UNK  cost , it becomes massively scalable .
over time , more photos came in , thankfully , and more  UNK  were needed , and so i reached out again on facebook and linkedin , and within five days , 80 people wanted to help from 12 different countries .
if you have access to this information , you can see what your society is doing .
abuse could be affecting your daughter , your sister , your best friend right now .
here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people stood up and protested for change .
it manifests in each individual differently , hence why  UNK  is so different from sam .
one day we wake up to the news of the  UNK  of ancient mosques and sufi  UNK  .
so i want us all to become  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  gardeners .
recognize the early signs of violence and  UNK  intervene ,  UNK  it , show victims a safe way out .
i was so scared , i thought my heart was going to explode .
several times we can repeat that .
i was so surprised that a total stranger cared enough to ask .
i live in new york , and last year , of the 140,000 teenagers that were stopped and  UNK  , 86 percent of them were black and latino , and most of them were young men .
all this information is stored for at least six months , up to two years by your phone company or your internet service provider .
you have to go to the clinic to do it . it &apos;s very , very costly , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , it &apos;s just never done . it &apos;s never done .
thank you .
but i know electric fences are already invented , but i want to make mine .
we western people are  UNK  ,  UNK  missionaries , and there are only two ways we deal with people : we either  UNK  them , or we are  UNK  .
when my hand slips , i suddenly remember a miner i had met days before who had lost his grip and fell countless feet down that shaft .
thing is , it &apos;s owned by the city .
however , bit by bit , the euphoria of the elections , and of the revolution as a whole , was fading out -- for every day we were waking up to the news of violence .
we make skinny models  UNK  , perfect skin more perfect , and the impossible possible , and we get criticized in the press all the time , but some of us are actually talented artists with years of experience and a real appreciation for images and photography .
because in the summer of 2006 , the e.u. commission  UNK  a directive .
so here we have a video of the vibrating vocal folds .
now , all these photos had been damaged by water , submerged in salt water , covered in bacteria , in sewage , sometimes even in oil , all of which over time is going to continue to damage them , so  UNK  them was a huge part of the project .
i made this last year , and started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall with their community , so my civic center colleagues and i made a tool kit , and now walls have been made in countries around the world , including kazakhstan , south africa , australia , argentina and beyond .
areas like her husband and her face , which otherwise would have been completely impossible to fix , we could just put them together in one good photo , and remake the whole photo .
and those things are true , but they &apos;re only one half of the story , because the thing that we never say on camera , that i have never said on camera , is , &quot; i am insecure . &quot;
this is a satellite picture showing north korea at night compared to neighbors .
so i had to find a way of solving this problem .
from the sound , we can actually track the vocal fold position as it  UNK  , and just as the limbs are affected in parkinson &apos;s , so too are the vocal organs .
and especially if you then ride with your bicycle , and pass these cars , then that &apos;s not very nice .
this was the first time i heard that people in my country were suffering .
this one was taken just weeks after 9 / 11 , and i found myself trying to explain what had happened that day in ways a five-year-old could understand .
i hear voices talking , but mostly the shaft is this cacophony of men coughing , and stone being broken with primitive tools .
he has a selective one , though .
this is one of the cows which was killed at night , and i just woke up in the morning and i found it dead , and i felt so bad , because it was the only bull we had .
we &apos;re trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
since my family couldn &apos;t speak chinese , i had to guide them , somehow , through more than 2,000 miles in china and then into southeast asia .
entrepreneurs never come , and they never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
but nobody helped them , because they were so focused on taking care of themselves and their families .
so he jumps in and kills the animals .
eventually , after our long journey , my family and i were reunited in south korea , but getting to freedom is only half the battle .
and i know there are people in the audience who are skeptical at this point , and maybe there are some  UNK  who are , like , &quot; wait . naomi .  UNK  . joan  UNK  . liu  UNK  . &quot;
and i hope what you &apos;re seeing is that these pictures are not pictures of me .
we don &apos;t work from offices .
the answer is easy .
there is not a day that goes by that i don &apos;t think of these many beautiful ,  UNK  people i &apos;ve had the tremendous honor of meeting .
on another day we wake up to the news of the assassination of army officers .
a total  UNK  from a remote province of afghanistan , he insisted that his daughter , my mom , go to school , and for that he was  UNK  by his father .
government ? forget about it !
but i only thought that i would be separated from my family for a short time .
so the last question people ask me is , &quot; what is it like to be a model ? &quot;
they will come the first day and they see the  UNK  , and they go back , but the second day , they &apos;ll come and they say , this thing is not moving here , it &apos;s always here .
a lifeless woman was lying on the ground , while an  UNK  child in her arms just stared  UNK  at his mother &apos;s face .
thank you .
every 20 minutes , i &apos;d have to run back to our  UNK  to clean out my gear and run it under an air conditioner to revive it , and as i sat there , i thought , my camera is getting far better treatment than these people .
why in the hell would they not okay this ?
i want to shine a light on slavery .
the waters here have been recorded at reaching over 24 meters in height , and traveled over two miles inland .
i couldn &apos;t offer them any direct help .
so i was a little bit skeptical , what should i do with it ?
i realized that this was a symbolic moment in my life .
i met these boys at five in the morning , when they were hauling in the last of their nets , but they had been working since 1 a.m.
many women had children strapped to their backs while they were panning for gold ,  UNK  in water poisoned by mercury .
you know , it &apos;s remarkable how universal the gesture is of handing your camera to a total stranger .
so what is the problem with  UNK  ?
and i was wondering , how would you feel if you had no access to healthy food , if every time you walk out your door you see the ill effects that the present food system has on your neighborhood ?
he &apos;s  UNK  , but he communicates joy in a way that some of the best  UNK  cannot .
i truly believe , if we can see one another as fellow human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
so  UNK  , they are seeing this dirty technology that is going to choke the life out of new york .
in hindu mythology ,  UNK  was the  UNK  god , and he risked his life in order to save the goddess  UNK  from the  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
i do have too many  UNK  heels which i never get to wear , except for earlier , but the free stuff that i get is the free stuff that i get in real life , and that &apos;s what we don &apos;t like to talk about .
&quot; why didn &apos;t you tell us ? &quot; &quot; you never asked . &quot;
so why did i do that ?
UNK  also have tremendous historical significance .
i was 22 . i had just graduated from harvard college .
i was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me to arch my back and put my hand in that guy &apos;s hair .
i always wondered why they had lights but we didn &apos;t .
we can also act as a bridge between the people inside north korea and the outside world , because many of us stay in contact with family members still inside , and we send information and money that is helping to change north korea from inside .
i &apos;m still breaking the silence today .
oddly , i had been to many of these places before .
there were no windows large enough to climb through .
well , to conclude , i can say that we made a material using steel fibers , the addition of steel fibers , using  UNK  energy to really increase the surface life of the road , double the surface life you can even do , so it will really save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
her two little boys , not so little anymore , but her two boys were both at school , separate schools .
and i helped these five fishermen to work together and get this beautiful tuna not to the  UNK  in  UNK  for 60 cents a kilo , but we found a way to take the fish for sushi to japan for 15 dollars a kilo , and the farmers came to talk to me , said , &quot; hey , you helped them . can you help us ? &quot;
but  UNK  and living in the digital age is no contradiction .
so they kill the lions .
this young child is eight years old .
together , we &apos;ve shown how powerful our public spaces can be if we &apos;re given the opportunity to have a voice and share more with one another .
over five hundred volunteers around the globe helped us get 90 families hundreds of photographs back , fully restored and  UNK  .
but  UNK   UNK  said , no , we will not give you this information .
i can feel the brush of  UNK  bodies passing me in the darkness , but i can &apos;t see much else .
the shafts are up to 300 feet deep , and they carry out heavy bags of stone that later will be transported to another area , where the stone will be  UNK  so that they can extract the gold .
he &apos;s not greedy . he doesn &apos;t see skin color .
it &apos;s one of the six lions which were killed in nairobi .
please don &apos;t tell me i &apos;m normal .
he didn &apos;t want to play like the other babies did , and in fact , he didn &apos;t seem very interested in me whatsoever .
the person with the idea may not have the knowledge , but the knowledge is available .
it &apos;s everywhere .
one time , our bus was stopped and boarded by a chinese police officer .
UNK  proceeded to beat me once or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
we see all the same symptoms .
this is  UNK  . when his father died , his uncle trafficked him to work with him in the mines .
i could have never imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
but these great conversations can &apos;t occur if our scientists and engineers don &apos;t invite us in to see their wonderland .
they  UNK  me down a narrow set of stairs that led to this dirty ,  UNK  fluorescent lit basement .
i told everyone : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , total strangers , and i &apos;m here today because you all helped me .
there &apos;s only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : none were started by one person .
over 85 percent of  UNK  are men , and domestic abuse happens only in intimate , interdependent , long-term relationships , in other words , in families , the last place we would want or expect to find violence , which is one reason domestic abuse is so confusing .
i led an initiative by the  UNK  women &apos;s platform for peace to lobby for a more inclusive electoral law , a law that would give every citizen , no matter what your background , the right to vote and run , and most importantly to  UNK  on political parties the  UNK  of male and female candidates vertically and horizontally in their lists , creating the  UNK  list .
so we still have the specimen here . it &apos;s quite warm .
and i got a switch where i can switch on the lights , on and off .
they &apos;re our  UNK  and our histories , the last thing we would grab and the first thing you &apos;d go back to look for .
all right .
this is what i looked like with my grandma just a few months earlier .
within two weeks , i had 150 people wanting to join in .
for her , despite all of this , those photos were the perfect gift back to him , something he could look at again , something he remembered from before that wasn &apos;t still  UNK  from that day in march when absolutely everything else in his life had changed or been destroyed .
even though adjusting to life in south korea was not easy , i made a plan .
thank you very much .
my family was not poor , and myself , i had never experienced hunger .
and why are these  UNK  there ?
what we do , we &apos;re a  UNK  kind of group , where it &apos;s composed of gardeners from all walks of life , from all over the city , and it &apos;s completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
it &apos;s difficult to witness something so overwhelming .
and yeah , they pretty much  UNK  all the photos , but that is only a small component of what &apos;s happening .
so over the past few years , i &apos;ve tried ways to share more with my neighbors in public space , using simple tools like stickers , stencils and chalk .
i had no idea i was falling into crazy love , that i was walking  UNK  into a carefully laid physical , financial and psychological trap .
they have been associated in ancient egyptian culture .
and in this picture , i had actually never had a boyfriend in real life .
as the chinese officer approached my family , i  UNK  stood up , and i told him that these are deaf and dumb people that i was  UNK  .
no one knows what the hell we do .
i am not against wind energy , but we need to work with the governments , because wind turbines do this to birds . they slice them in half .
you have to fight for it every day .
and she describes to me the feeling she felt as a five-year-old standing in that exact spot .
i would like to conclude by reading an email i got from one of them ,  UNK  , the day i finally got back from japan after six months .
i could get them in a worse situation than they were already in .
this morning , the gentleman who opened this conference lay a stick on the floor , and said , &quot; can we -- can you imagine a city that is not  UNK  ? &quot;
you can be extraordinary .
i was working on my computer trying to finish a freelance writing assignment , and i got frustrated , and  UNK  used my anger as an excuse to put both of his hands around my neck and to squeeze so tightly that i could not breathe or scream , and he used the  UNK  to hit my head repeatedly against the wall .
when these villagers claimed their freedom , the  UNK  burned down all of their houses .
thanks , tom .
and i got these free things because of how i look , not who i am , and there are people paying a cost for how they look and not who they are .
he kept one under the pillows on our bed , and the third one he kept in his pocket at all times .
there &apos;s a lovely story that i read in a  UNK  magazine many , many years ago .
the workers here often endure tragic sexual abuse at the hands of their customers .
so actually , i was in very good company .
my interpreter told me their stories .
my topic is the secrets of domestic violence , and the question i &apos;m going to tackle is the one question everyone always asks : why does she stay ?
almost two years have passed since the  UNK  revolution broke out , inspired by the waves of mass mobilization in both the tunisian and the egyptian revolutions .
they had to get out quickly , so i started planning how to help them escape .
there &apos;s another time when i put a garden in this homeless shelter in downtown los angeles .
and here &apos;s me today .
so what happened ?
i thought my life was over , but i managed to control all the emotions inside me and answer the questions .
mercury is used in the extraction process .
for some of them , it &apos;s given them a connection to something bigger , giving something back , using their talents on something other than skinny models and perfect skin .
so they donated to us a piece of highway , 400 meters of the  UNK  , where we had to make a test track to test this material .
nairobi national park is not  UNK  in the south widely , which means wild animals like  UNK  migrate out of the park freely .
it &apos;s my way of helping other victims , and it &apos;s my final request of you .
actually , it still has to cool down first before i can show you that the healing works .
because this time it wasn &apos;t coming up .
these are the ideals that a war-torn libya needs desperately in order to achieve peace .
every time i use my mobile phone ?
but the one thing that will always remain with you is what is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your school fees , we will .
so predators like lions follow them , and this is what they do .
and now what she &apos;s looking at in new york are colleges , because she &apos;s determined to go to school in new york .
it &apos;s almost impossible to cross the border between north korea and south korea , so , ironically , i took a flight back to china and i headed toward the north korean border .
but then i said , i want to have this information , because this is my life you are  UNK  .
i met  UNK  on a cold , rainy january night .
from 1971 to 1977 -- i look young , but i &apos;m not — -- i worked in zambia , kenya , ivory coast , algeria , somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with african countries .
it was very time-consuming .
but then i said , i want to go out with this information .
some north koreans in china seek asylum in foreign  UNK  , but many can be caught by the chinese police and  UNK  .
it &apos;s about knowing you &apos;re not alone .
it &apos;s a porous asphalt , like i said , so you have only a small amount of binder between the stones .
did the  UNK  list and the  UNK  between female and male candidates bring peace and national reconciliation ?
normality  UNK  the beauty that differences give us , and the fact that we are different doesn &apos;t mean that one of us is wrong .
what i will never have again , ever , is a loaded gun held to my head by someone who says that he loves me .
&quot; before i die , i want to live off the grid . &quot;
they &apos;re also ways for us to freeze time for one week in october and reflect on our times and how we change from year to year , and not just physically , but in every way .
so what i want to propose to you as an unconventional way in which we can try to achieve this , because , you see , in one sense , at least , we are all  UNK  like my friend  UNK   UNK  .
now , i live in new orleans , and i am in love with new orleans .
and when we &apos;re backstage , we give an answer that maybe makes it seem like that .
power  UNK  also became more and more frequent , so everything around me was completely dark at night except for the sea of lights in china , just across the river from my home .
in south asia , in countries like india and pakistan , four species of  UNK  are listed as critically endangered , which means they have less than 10 or 15 years to go extinct , and the reason is because they are falling prey by consuming livestock that has been treated with a  UNK  drug like  UNK  .
this is six months of my life , into this file .
i met a very difficult environment in the  UNK  , an environment which was increasingly polarized , an environment which was shaped by the selfish politics of dominance and exclusion .
at first i saw it , and i said , okay , it &apos;s a huge file . okay .
the worst part is putting this sweater over my head , because that &apos;s when you &apos;ll all laugh at me , so don &apos;t do anything while it &apos;s over my head .
so you &apos;re 86 percent accurate right now ?
and my idea is also being used now all over kenya for scaring other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it &apos;s also being used to scare elephants away from people &apos;s farms .
our scientists and engineers are the ones that are tackling our grandest challenges , from energy to environment to health care , among others , and if we don &apos;t know about it and understand it , then the work isn &apos;t done , and i believe it &apos;s our responsibility as  UNK  to have these interactions .
five years ago , i experienced a bit of what it must have been like to be alice in wonderland .
we have never met a single human being in the world who can make it , sell it and look after the money .
were we being followed ?
they were already drowning in manure .
here you see actually how the damage appears in this material .
it &apos;s much better than that .
i visited villages in india where entire families were enslaved in the silk trade .
because there are no  UNK  , there &apos;s been a spread in the numbers of  UNK  dogs at carcass dump sites , and when you have  UNK  dogs , you have a huge time bomb of  UNK  . the number of cases of  UNK  has increased tremendously in india .
it &apos;s really become sacred to us .
but  UNK  , with parkinson &apos;s disease and other movement disorders , there are no  UNK  , so there &apos;s no simple blood test that you can do , and the best that we have is like this 20-minute neurologist test .
we &apos;re going to cheer you on every step of the way , my friend .
our first project , the one that has inspired my first book , &quot; ripples from the  UNK  , &quot; was a project where we italians decided to teach  UNK  people how to grow food .
i decided when i was 27 years old to only respond to people , and i invented a system called enterprise  UNK  , where you never initiate anything , you never motivate anybody , but you become a servant of the local passion , the servant of local people who have a dream to become a better person .
on may the 13th , i made my way to the town of  UNK  .
who will he become because someone took a stand and made a difference in his life ?
i &apos;ll put down the lawsuit and they will send me all the information i ask for .
i started this as a  UNK  in  UNK  , in western australia .
i didn &apos;t know that the first stage in any domestic violence relationship is to seduce and charm the victim .
and all over europe , people stood up and said , &quot; we don &apos;t want this . &quot;
i feel like it &apos;s easy to get caught up in the day-to-day , and forget what really matters to you .
i grew up in cambridge , and one time i went into a store and i forgot my money and they gave me the dress for free .
a real school .
and it &apos;s important to note that these nets weigh more than a thousand pounds when they &apos;re full of fish .
never the word &quot; i , &quot; and the word &quot; we &quot; 32 times .
i use the garden , the soil , like it &apos;s a piece of cloth , and the plants and the trees , that &apos;s my  UNK  for that cloth .
UNK  , i treat anybody from a different culture as if they were my children . &quot; i love you so much . &quot;
and every day , every day we wake up with the rule of the  UNK  and their continuous violations of human rights of prisoners and their disrespect of the rule of law .
with a mobile phone , you can shoot a crime against humanity in syria .
we would cover our books in grocery bags so it would seem we were just out shopping .
and i thought about death a lot , and this made me feel deep gratitude for the time i &apos;ve had , and brought clarity to the things that are meaningful to my life now .
if you ain &apos;t a  UNK  , you ain &apos;t  UNK  .
at that moment , i heard one man &apos;s voice ask me , &quot; what &apos;s wrong ? &quot;
local , passionate people . that &apos;s who you have  UNK  .
and we said to the  UNK  , &quot; my god , the  UNK  ! &quot;
she also had  UNK  .
the lady who brought us these photos was lucky , as far as the photos go .
they have shown an  UNK  bravery in confronting the brutal dictatorship of  UNK  .
so scientists and engineers , please , talk nerdy to us .
one of them got caught up in the water .
thank you .
we had these magnificent tomatoes . in italy , a tomato would grow to this size . in zambia , to this size .
and after a few months went by , i realized that he was different .
my family believes in me .
instead , i stand here a proud graduate of  UNK  college .
then he pointed toward this barely visible  UNK  , and said , &quot; this is the path , this is the path . go . &quot;
because in the mean time , the german constitutional court ruled that the implementation of this e.u. directive into german law was  UNK  .
the air is thick with heat and dust , and it &apos;s hard to breathe .
the book was published in 2009 .
so the first question is , how do you become a model ?
you just need to meet a group of models , because they have the  UNK  thighs and the  UNK  hair and the coolest clothes , and they &apos;re the most physically insecure women probably on the planet .
afghanistan looks so different from here in america .
we meet at the cafe . we meet at the pub .
some don &apos;t even know they &apos;re enslaved , people working 16 , 17 hours a day without any pay , because this has been the case all their lives .
then you have to offer them absolute , dedicated , passionate service to them .
so one night , i was walking around the  UNK  with a torch , and that day , the lions didn &apos;t come .
instead , as einstein said , make everything as simple as possible , but no simpler .
ultimately , more than a million north koreans died during the famine , and many only survived by eating grass , bugs and tree bark .
they are  UNK  machines .
but don &apos;t you ever turn into a  UNK  revolutionary . &quot;
so , when you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it &apos;s not outdated .
everything i do , and everything i do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work as a young man in africa .
UNK   UNK  . it means in my language , thank you very much .
&quot; before i die , i want to be completely myself . &quot;
the  UNK  are the warriors who protect our community and the livestock , and they &apos;re also upset about this problem .
who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? universities ? forget about it !
i even went through an identity crisis .
hi . this is my mobile phone .
even though they were caught , they were eventually released after heavy international pressure .
there are a lot of ways the people around us can help improve our lives .
so these vocal effects can actually be quite subtle , in some cases , but with any digital microphone , and using precision voice analysis software in combination with the latest in machine learning , which is very advanced by now , we can now quantify exactly where somebody lies on a continuum between health and disease using voice signals alone .
these girls were so lucky .
so the city planners , they get together and they figure they &apos;re going to change the name south central to make it represent something else , so they change it to south los angeles , like this is going to fix what &apos;s really going wrong in the city .
and a second idea i got was to use a  UNK  .
and first , i  UNK  you on your model knowledge . very impressive .
also , asphalt can create a lot of noise .
and i believe the key to opening that door is great communication .
terrified of his master , he will not run away , and since he &apos;s been treated with cruelty all his life , he passes that down to the younger slaves that he manages .
if there &apos;s a  UNK  to this talk , i hope it &apos;s that we all feel more comfortable acknowledging the power of image in our perceived successes and our perceived failures .
so — — so the government says , &quot; do it again . &quot;
you don &apos;t get a chance to mess it up .
since i was a small boy , i used to work in my room for the whole day , and i even took apart my mom &apos;s new radio , and that day she almost killed me , but i learned a lot about electronics .
thank you .
&quot; oh , no , i cannot do this . &quot; &quot; would you like me to find you somebody ? &quot;
why would anyone stay with a man who beats her ?
they are far from being extinct .
so that evening , i just reached out on facebook and asked a few of them , and by morning the response had been so overwhelming and so positive , i knew we had to give it a go .
and the trick here is to use a single ,  UNK  sentence that the audience can key into if they get a bit lost , and then provide visuals which appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what &apos;s being described .
we couldn &apos;t  UNK  the photo unless it was cleaned , dry and reclaimed .
so why are  UNK  important ? first of all , they provide vital ecological services . they clean up .
during taliban years , i remember there were times i would get so frustrated by our life and always being scared and not seeing a future .
no expensive staff time required .
the next question people always ask me is , &quot; do they  UNK  all the photos ? &quot;
so here are some amazing goals that i think we can deal with now .
and i feel like there &apos;s an uncomfortable tension in the room right now because i should not have worn this dress .
i want to make them public .
after we finished talking , i felt so horrible and honestly ashamed at my own lack of knowledge of this  UNK  in my own lifetime , and i thought , if i don &apos;t know , how many other people don &apos;t know ?
i &apos;m here today to talk about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
my secret was that i had this gun loaded with  UNK  bullets pointed at my head by the man who i thought was my  UNK  , many , many times .
UNK  . well , that &apos;s an improvement .
so at the end , i had a settlement with them .
and making your ideas accessible is not the same as  UNK  it down .
but we &apos;ll get a very large sample of data that is collected from all different circumstances , and it &apos;s getting it in different circumstances that matter because then we are looking at  UNK  out the  UNK  factors , and looking for the actual markers of the disease .
you &apos;d be surprised what the soil could do if you let it be your canvas .
it made me feel ashamed to see people that were this close to me that were hungry , and this only reinforced why i do this , and people asked me , &quot; fin , aren &apos;t you afraid people are going to steal your food ? &quot;
funny thing is , the  UNK  are killing more people than the  UNK  .
you have to learn how to get these people to come and talk to you .
fewer than six percent of women my age have made it beyond high school , and had my family not been so committed to my education , i would be one of them .
like i said at the beginning , imagine that all those people on the streets of berlin in autumn of 1989 had a mobile phone in their pocket .
she had a lot of her animals being killed by lions , and she asked me if i could put the lights for her .
that &apos;s 20 central parks .
so with help from old and new friends , i turned the side of this abandoned house into a giant  UNK  and  UNK  it with a  UNK  sentence : &quot; before i die , i want to ... &quot; so anyone walking by can pick up a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives , and share their personal aspirations in public space .
in the trenches . richard  UNK  , you are something else .
as my team leader  UNK  once said , it &apos;s like doing a tattoo on someone .
we don &apos;t bump into every neighbor , so a lot of wisdom never gets passed on , though we do share the same public spaces .
the first principle of aid is respect .
one in three american women experiences domestic violence or  UNK  at some point in her life , and the cdc reports that 15 million children are abused every year , 15 million .
i wasn &apos;t a citizen of that country .
we were scared , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
and i am on this stage because i am a model .
so , dancing is one of the most human of activities .
UNK  believed in me , as a writer and a woman , in a way that no one else ever had .
growing one plant will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seeds .
but even after we got past the border , my family was arrested and jailed for illegal border crossing .
when i returned to afghanistan , my grandfather , the one exiled from his home for daring to educate his daughters , was among the first to congratulate me .
and here &apos;s where those guns come in .
they want to have the possibility to track our lives , and they want to store them for all time .
this drug has now been banned for veterinary use in india , and they have taken a stand .
since my family couldn &apos;t understand chinese , i thought my family was going to be arrested .
so we did aging on the samples , did a lot of loading on it , healed them with our  UNK  machine , and healed them and tested them again .
this is the first outfit change on the ted stage , so you guys are pretty lucky to witness it , i think .
they mix dye in these big barrels , and they  UNK  the silk into the liquid up to their  UNK  , but the dye is toxic .
when charles darwin went across the atlantic in  UNK  on the  UNK  , he saw the turkey  UNK  , and he said , &quot; these are disgusting birds with bald  UNK  heads that are formed to  UNK  in  UNK  . &quot;
he has the most  UNK  memory .
the smartest people in your community you don &apos;t even know , because they don &apos;t come to your public meetings .
&quot; before i die , i want to be tried for piracy . &quot;
because autistic or not , the differences that we have -- we &apos;ve got a gift ! everyone &apos;s got a gift inside of us , and in all honesty , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
because you can see where i am , where i sleep at night , what i am doing .
in  UNK  , i was escorted by women who had previously been sex slaves themselves .
thus we are told that &quot; my mercy takes precedence over my anger . &quot;
you want to read the book , read &quot; dead aid , &quot; by  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  woman economist .
i grew up there . i raised my sons there .
in fact , it &apos;s very likely that this muscular person will end up like this one here ,  UNK  with tuberculosis and mercury poisoning in just a few years .
for elections did not bring peace and stability and security in libya .
UNK  first physically attacked me five days before our wedding .
so luckily i brought an outfit change .
so i figured that the problem is the solution .
they have shown a great sense of solidarity from the far east to the far west to the south .
he took everyone &apos;s i.d. cards , and he started asking them questions .
we are the soil .
under the taliban , girls who went to school numbered in the hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
thank you so much . thank you .
to change the community , you have to change the composition of the soil .
i shut up , and listen to them . &quot;
please -- don &apos;t tell me i &apos;m normal .
don &apos;t just tell me that you study  UNK  , but tell me that you study  UNK  , which is the  UNK  structure of our bones because it &apos;s important to understanding and treating  UNK  .
he was trembling when our boat approached , frightened it would run over his tiny canoe .
penn state asked me , a communications teacher , to teach a communications class for engineering students .
yet today , entire families can be enslaved for generations over a debt as small as $ 18 .
we can see that they travel different countries , so if you focus on a problem locally , it &apos;s not going to help you .
here &apos;s me at a slumber party a few days before i shot french  UNK  .
back to my question : why did i stay ?
soon after , an organization i volunteer with , all hands volunteers , were on the ground , within days , working as part of the response efforts .
the journey by bus took one week , and we were almost caught several times .
now , i cannot deny that there have been some challenging moments in my family , moments where i &apos;ve wished that they were just like me .
so i am going to give you some -- attempt today to try and explain to you what i do .
so we took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab .
and of course , everything in africa grew beautifully .
and my neighboring homes heard about this idea .
the skeletal tree limbs submerged in lake volta often catch the fishing nets , and weary , frightened children are thrown into the water to  UNK  the lines .
but what lifted my heart and strengthened my soul was that even though this was the case , although they were not seen as ordinary , this could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
i see dialysis centers popping up like starbucks .
how can you do — ? &quot; and i said , &quot; i do something very , very , very difficult .
i was trying to trick the lions &#91; into thinking &#93; that i was standing near the  UNK  .
so my big dream is to become an aircraft engineer and pilot when i grow up .
at first glance , the pounding site seems full of powerful men , but when we look closer , we see some less fortunate working on the fringes , and children too .
thank you .
more recently , if you &apos;ve been following the kenyan press — — these are the attributes that they associated the kenyan  UNK  with . but i want to challenge that .
her photos were found by her husband &apos;s colleagues at a local fire department in the debris a long way from where the home had once stood , and they &apos;d recognized him .
you just couldn &apos;t imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
there is a problem with community meetings .
i worked for an italian ngo , and every single project that we set up in africa failed .
we need every one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
but lions are very clever .
and he very clearly explained to me that emotional displays are very dangerous in a place like this , not just for me , but for them .
he shares it  UNK  and he shares it regardless .
hi . my name is cameron russell , and for the last little while i &apos;ve been a model .
back in the  UNK  , i wanted to cry , but the  UNK  next to me quickly grabbed me and he said , &quot; lisa , don &apos;t do that . just don &apos;t do that here . &quot;
we made it all the way to the border of  UNK  , but i had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in  UNK  .
yeah . yeah . so what will happen is that , during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease or not , you see . right .
so today , for me , being fearless means being honest .
here &apos;s me on the soccer team and in v magazine .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; come on , really ?
i &apos;ve spent most of my career working for fortune 500 companies including johnson &amp; amp ; johnson , leo  UNK  and the washington post .
my soul is always  UNK  by the giant live oak trees , shading lovers ,  UNK  and  UNK  for hundreds of years , and i trust a city that always makes way for music .
i got to climb out of that hole , and i got to go home , but they likely never will , because they &apos;re trapped in slavery .
people are dying from curable diseases in south central los angeles .
he not only  UNK  about my college degree , but also that i was the first woman , and that i am the first woman to drive him through the streets of kabul .
the north korean authorities  UNK  some money that i sent to my family , and , as a punishment , my family was going to be forcibly removed to a desolate location in the countryside .
instead ,  UNK  came home one friday evening and he told me that he had quit his job that day , his dream job , and he said that he had quit his job because of me , because i had made him feel so safe and loved that he didn &apos;t need to prove himself on wall street anymore , and he just wanted to get out of the city and away from his abusive , dysfunctional family , and move to a tiny town in new england where he could start his life over with me by his side .
we activate communities .
once a week , we would set up our scanning equipment in the temporary photo libraries that had been set up , where people were reclaiming their photos .
first , it &apos;s only like , i call my wife and she calls me , and we talk to each other a couple of times .
it was cozy in winter but extremely hot in summer .
and we could not believe , and we were telling the  UNK  , &quot; look how easy agriculture is . &quot;
and i &apos;ll tell you why .
i thanked him with all my heart , and i asked him , &quot; why are you helping me ? &quot;
in the himalayas , i found children carrying stone for miles down  UNK  terrain to trucks waiting at roads below .
just as i was starting to get used to my new life , i received a shocking phone call .
how can we affect something so insidious , yet so pervasive ?
i got a chance to come by plane for my first time for ted .
can they really store all this information about us ?
due to  UNK  , due to  UNK  light , due to  UNK  , this binder , this  UNK  , the glue between the aggregates is going to shrink , and if it  UNK  , it gets  UNK  , and it  UNK  from the aggregates .
it will look something like this .
the school was in a house , more than 100 of us packed in one small living room .
sex trafficking is what we often think of when we hear the word slavery , and because of this worldwide awareness , i was warned that it would be difficult for me to work safely within this particular industry .
i joined forces with many other  UNK  inside and outside libya to call for a day of rage and to initiate a revolution against the  UNK  regime of  UNK  .
kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in africa :  UNK  wind turbines are going to be up at lake  UNK  .
if they grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes .
i mean , come on , why wouldn &apos;t they ?
that means they can be  UNK  .
a hundred and fifty years ago , an agricultural slave cost about three times the annual salary of an american worker .
now , the last thing i wanted to do was leave new york , and my dream job , but i thought you made sacrifices for your  UNK  , so i agreed , and i quit my job , and  UNK  and i left manhattan together .
we need to work with governments in regional levels .
like me , they are dreaming big .
after another two hours of hiking , the  UNK  trail abruptly ended at a clearing , and before us was a mass of holes that could fit into the size of a football field , and all of them were full of enslaved people  UNK  .
he kept one in the glove compartment of our car .
you don &apos;t have to design a whole new set of hospitals to do it .
not terribly damaged , but where the water had caused that  UNK  on the girl &apos;s face had to be repaired with such accuracy and delicacy .
but you have to maintain it .
hold it up . an android , a blackberry , wow .
despite what had happened , i was sure we were going to live happily ever after , because i loved him , and he loved me so much .
as i stand talking to you today , these men are still deep in that hole , risking their lives without payment or compensation , and often dying .
i know we &apos;re getting personal , but i was a young girl .
together we can make our beds , our dinner tables and our families the safe and peaceful  UNK  they should be .
it &apos;s my gospel , when i &apos;m telling people , grow your own food .
on march 11 , 2011 , i watched from home , as the rest of the world did , as the tragic events unfolded in japan .
and he was very , very sorry .
no need to go to the clinic for a routine  UNK  .
plus i got tired of driving 45 minutes round trip to get an apple that wasn &apos;t  UNK  with pesticides .
we &apos;re pale , gray creatures .
these heels are very uncomfortable , so good thing i wasn &apos;t going to wear them .
so i got this ugly brown envelope with a  UNK  inside .
and i will talk about this .
&quot; as i worked , i couldn &apos;t help but think about the individuals and the stories represented in the images .
like the others , i wear a flickering , cheap flashlight tied to my head with this elastic ,  UNK  band , and i can barely make out the slick tree limbs holding up the walls of the  UNK  square hole dropping hundreds of feet into the earth .
these people have no escape at all , and as we take in such a difficult subject , it &apos;s important to note that slavery , including sex trafficking , occurs in our own backyard as well .
suddenly , there was no country i could proudly call my own .
when you see a  UNK  like this , the first thing that comes to your mind is , these are disgusting , ugly , greedy creatures that are just after your flesh , associated with politicians .
guess what ?
soon after , when i was walking past a train station , i saw something terrible that i can &apos;t erase from my memory .
i want to change that perception . i want to change those feelings you have for these birds , because they need our sympathy . they really do .
her name was joan , and she was a mother to me , and her death was sudden and unexpected .
since now , i &apos;ve set up seven homes around my community , and they &apos;re really working .
that &apos;s a little bit scary .
and they &apos;re both accurate . okay , but in addition ,  UNK  tests are  UNK  .
we &apos;re working with local communities .
even still , he has a dream that he will become free and become educated with the help of local activists like free the slaves , and it &apos;s this sort of determination , in the face of unimaginable odds , that fills me with complete awe .
thanks so much . max little , everybody .
and there are only  UNK  young black and latino men in new york , so for them , it &apos;s not a question of , &quot; will i get stopped ? &quot;
so i said we have such an industrial machine in the lab to heat up the specimens .
we hide in dark , windowless rooms , and generally avoid sunlight .
the neurologist &apos;s test is non-invasive . they both use existing infrastructure .
to solve this problem , we thought of  UNK  materials .
so we can benefit from the international community for education , english language training , job training , and more .
first you get one stone , then several more , and more and more and more and more , and then they -- well , i will not do that .
the project &apos;s also made a big difference in the lives of the  UNK  .
there were no breaks for food , no water breaks , and the severe  UNK  made  UNK  pretty much inconsequential .
food is the problem and food is the solution .
i see wheelchairs bought and sold like used cars .
how can we lend and borrow more things without knocking on each other &apos;s doors at a bad time ?
the most important thing is passion .
this is a blueprint for countries like china and iran .
don &apos;t they sound incredible ?
it &apos;s a noisy material , and if we produce roads like in the netherlands , very close to cities , then we would like a silent road .
at the end of my first week there , i found myself helping out in an evacuation center in the town .
thank you .
well , hopefully not as awkward as that picture .
as you can imagine , the town had been devastated .
so i put the lights . you can see at the back , those are the lion lights .
it was 7 a.m. i still had on my  UNK  .
standing in the near darkness , i remember feeling this quick , hot fear , and in that instant , i could only imagine what it must be like to be trapped in that hell .
a conservative estimate tells us there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world today .
who calls whom ? who sends whom an email ?
and the  UNK  would have known who took part at this protest , and if the  UNK  would have known who are the leaders behind it , this may never have happened .
so i decided to start a lawsuit against them , because i wanted to have this information .
and in fact , because their minds don &apos;t fit into society &apos;s version of normal , they &apos;re often bypassed and misunderstood .
as i looked through the photos , there were some were over a hundred years old , some still in the envelope from the processing lab , i couldn &apos;t help but think as a  UNK  that i could fix that tear and mend that scratch , and i knew hundreds of people who could do the same .
i want to introduce you to kofi .
in my broken english , and with a dictionary , i explained the situation , and without  UNK  , the man went to the atm and he paid the rest of the money for my family and two other north koreans to get out of jail .
the idea of finding a different technology had absolutely taken over , and there were tiny , tiny little factories in  UNK  .
they &apos;ve also be associated with disney — —  UNK  as  UNK  , dumb , stupid characters .
so i had an idea .
and of course ,  UNK  surgery , or the fake tan that i got two days ago for work , there &apos;s very little that we can do to transform how we look , and how we look , though it is superficial and  UNK  , has a huge impact on our lives .
so do you still not want to continue ? &quot;
UNK  is 22 , tall and very handsome .
we need to develop a feminine discourse that not only honors but also implements mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
someone had accused me of being north korean , so they tested my chinese language abilities and asked me tons of questions .
the fall of the berlin wall would maybe not &#91; have been &#93; there .
if we can make this material  UNK  , then probably we have a solution .
and i think this is why the nairobi national park lions are few .
so what &apos;s being done ? well , we &apos;re conducting research on these birds . we &apos;re putting  UNK  on them .
i will demonstrate for you now 10 years of accumulated model knowledge , because unlike  UNK  surgeons , it can just be distilled right into -- right now .
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no  UNK  , carcasses take up to three to four times to decompose , and this has huge ramifications for the spread of diseases .
if some of the women were really horrified when i came out , you don &apos;t have to tell me now , but i &apos;ll find out later on twitter .
as you can see , the bulbs face outside , because that &apos;s where the lions come from .
also the noise will disappear in these pores .
i realized that the man who i loved so much was going to kill me if i let him .
and i think the answer that they &apos;re looking for is , &quot; if you are a little bit  UNK  and you have  UNK  hair , you will be so happy and fabulous . &quot;
abuse thrives only in silence .
we did not prioritize right .
you see , i was six when the taliban took over afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school .
kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
now i &apos;d like to introduce you to my brothers .
where am i from ? who am i ?
that &apos;s why it &apos;s on the street .
UNK  lived and  UNK  in his own world , with his own rules , and he found pleasure in the smallest things , like lining up cars around the room and staring at the washing machine and eating anything that came in between .
i started studying for the university entrance exam .
not exactly .
that &apos;s enough space to plant  UNK  million tomato plants .
which presentation have you  UNK  the most this morning ?
i used to hate lions , but now because my invention is saving my father &apos;s cows and the lions , we are able to stay with the lions without any conflict .
after i paid the fine and bribe , my family was released in one month , but soon after , my family was arrested and jailed again in the capital of  UNK  .
it could take months .
this very focused time we get to spend together is something we cherish and anticipate the entire year .
so what you do -- you shut up .
i had my first apartment , my first little green american express card , and i had a very big secret .
plus you get strawberries .
if you had told me that this smart , funny , sensitive man who adored me would one day dictate whether or not i wore makeup , how short my skirts were , where i lived , what jobs i took , who my friends were and where i spent christmas , i would have laughed at you , because there was not a hint of violence or control or anger in  UNK  at the beginning .
i am on this stage because i am a pretty , white woman , and in my industry we call that a sexy girl .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; hell no , i ain &apos;t afraid they &apos;re gonna steal it .
many of them drown .
the question , &quot; why does she stay ? &quot;
so , in the future , every time you use your mobile phone , let it be a reminder to you that you have to fight for  UNK  in the digital age .
children are taken from their families and trafficked and vanished , and they &apos;re forced to work endless hours on these boats on the lake , even though they do not know how to swim .
now , it wasn &apos;t until this point that i realized that these photos were such a huge part of the personal loss these people had felt .
what we have to look at is at how we feed , cure , educate , transport , communicate for seven billion people in a sustainable way .
so there &apos;s two types of  UNK  in this planet .
when i was researching this talk , i found out that of the 13-year-old girls in the united states , 53 percent don &apos;t like their bodies , and that number goes to 78 percent by the time that they &apos;re 17 .
instead , everything we touched we killed .
the city came down on me , and basically gave me a  UNK  saying that i had to remove my garden , which this  UNK  was turning into a warrant .
she had started  UNK  them herself and stopped when she realized she was doing more damage .
and that &apos;s how it looks to lions when they come at night .
we say , &quot; it &apos;s really amazing to travel , and it &apos;s amazing to get to work with creative , inspired , passionate people . &quot;
and of course the local people had absolutely no interest in doing that , so we paid them to come and work , and sometimes they would show up .
and the indicator box makes the lights flash .
after six months in japan , 1,100 volunteers had passed through all hands , hundreds of whom had helped us  UNK  over  UNK  photographs , the large majority a large majority of which did actually find their home again , importantly .
each cubicle is dark and  UNK  , identified with a painted number on the wall , and  UNK  by plywood and a curtain .
we all knew we were risking our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
and i discovered that lions are afraid of a moving light .
okay , so the next question people always ask me is , &quot; do you get free stuff ? &quot;
&quot; we have no freedom , &quot; they said .
it &apos;s all around us . we just don &apos;t see it .
ha . he &apos;s ready .
for four decades  UNK  &apos;s  UNK  regime destroyed the infrastructure as well as the culture and the moral fabric of  UNK  society .
but most people don &apos;t agree .
i remember this time , there was this mother and a daughter came , it was , like , 10 : 30 at night , and they were in my yard , and i came out and they looked so ashamed .
who sends whom a text message ?
the profession is the family doctor of enterprise , the family doctor of business , who sits with you in your house , at your kitchen table , at the cafe , and helps you find the resources to transform your passion into a way to make a living .
they clean up carcasses right to the bone .
well , for the past few centuries we have defined beauty not just as health and youth and symmetry that we &apos;re biologically programmed to admire , but also as tall , slender figures , and  UNK  and white skin .
what can you do ? can you make it ?
the speech actually becomes quieter and more  UNK  after a while , and that &apos;s one of the example symptoms of it .
today &apos;s slavery is about commerce , so the goods that enslaved people produce have value , but the people producing them are disposable .
i don &apos;t look like a typical domestic violence survivor .
but i will do a trial .
so now you &apos;re rebuilding christchurch without knowing what the smartest people in christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
you can see all of this .
now , this is healthy and this is somebody making speech sounds , and we can think of ourselves as vocal ballet dancers , because we have to coordinate all of these vocal organs when we make sounds , and we all actually have the genes for it . foxp2 , for example .
so that &apos;s what we did here . you see where we were making the test road , and then of course this road will last several years without any damage . that &apos;s what we know from practice .
is code for some people for , &quot; it &apos;s her fault for staying , &quot; as if victims intentionally choose to fall in love with men intent upon destroying us .
i live near this house , and i thought about how i could make it a nicer space for my neighborhood , and i also thought about something that changed my life forever .
a few things to consider are having examples , stories and analogies . those are ways to engage and excite us about your content .
in school , we spent a lot of time studying the history of kim  UNK  , but we never learned much about the outside world , except that america , south korea , japan are the enemies .
there are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
in fact , they &apos;re often the initial and convincing  UNK  of a bright future for their daughters , but in the context of a society like in afghanistan , we must have the support of men .
if , after this amazing list , they still are like , &quot; no , no , cameron , i want to be a model , &quot; well then i say , &quot; be my boss . &quot;
what i &apos;ve come to realize about afghanistan , and this is something that is often dismissed in the west , that behind most of us who succeed is a father who recognizes the value in his daughter and who sees that her success is his success .
english was so important in south korea , so i had to start learning my third language .
as we started down the path , we pushed aside the  UNK  blocking the way , and after about an hour of walking in , found that the trail had become flooded by recent rains , so i  UNK  the photo gear above my head as we descended into these waters up to my chest .
these are  UNK  lines of information .
here he &apos;s seen taking a bath at the well , pouring big buckets of water over his head , and the wonderful news is , as you and i are sitting here talking today , kofi has been reunited with his family , and what &apos;s even better , his family has been given tools to make a living and to keep their children safe .
just go and read her book .
north koreans have to travel incredible distances on the path to freedom .
i &apos;ve been so lucky , received so much help and inspiration in my life , so i want to help give aspiring north koreans a chance to prosper with international support .
other outcomes include long-term  UNK  , even after the  UNK   UNK  ; denial of financial resources ; and manipulation of the family court system to  UNK  the victim and her children , who are regularly forced by family court judges to spend  UNK  time with the man who beat their mother .
anyone healthy or with parkinson &apos;s can call in , cheaply , and leave recordings , a few cents each , and i &apos;m really happy to announce that we &apos;ve already hit six percent of our target just in eight hours .
i was 22 , and in the united states , women ages 16 to 24 are three times as likely to be domestic violence victims as women of other ages , and over 500 women and girls this age are killed every year by abusive partners ,  UNK  , and husbands in the united states .
hopefully less awkward than that one in the middle .
and because the engineers that i &apos;ve worked with have taught me to become really in touch with my inner nerd , i want to summarize with an equation .
over 70 percent of domestic violence murders happen after the victim has ended the relationship , after she &apos;s gotten out , because then the  UNK  has nothing left to lose .
you should see the rubbish — -- you should see the rubbish that we have  UNK  on  UNK  african people .
even after learning a new language and getting a job , their whole world can be turned upside down in an instant .
and this is how i decided to maintain it .
two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
because i &apos;m not in charge of anything , and you could be the editor in chief of american  UNK  or the ceo of h &amp; amp ; m , or the next steven  UNK  .
first of all , why do they have such a bad press ?
