so you &apos;ve seen the evolution of the evolution of the evolution that you &apos;ve ever seen before , you know , it &apos;s evolved to you
it won &apos;t talk .
but there &apos;s an interesting thing , and it starts to start completely different , and that &apos;s where these cells start exchanging exchange and communication , and then the cells are forming .
and so we learned from the fundamental question that we can learn from the  UNK  theorem .
so i &apos;m going to have apps , and this is an example of what i &apos;ve experimented with .
the voice was stopped .
and she said , &quot; first , i want you to guarantee that you will always love your mother . &quot;
we had trouble with fear of anger and anger .
and we &apos;re going to inspire our collaborators and universities to help us take our  UNK  together .
it was good , and i graduated high school .
when i first started this project , i don &apos;t know how to the government .
but the question is : if i can &apos;t tell the difference between me as if i can &apos;t tell the difference if i can &apos;t tell me the wrong thing that i can &apos;t tell you that i can &apos;t tell , i can &apos;t tell you that i can &apos;t tell me the wrong thing that i can &apos;t tell if i don &apos;t have to tell me the wrong thing that i can &apos;t tell me that the wrong thing is , but how can i be able to share my experience with me ?
because it &apos;s true , every single person -- learning can happen in a perceptual organism , not as the evolution of evolution .
my family was a traditional black family family only only one of my grandmother .
and as you can see , you can shuffle cards with paper and paper towels .
and one of the things that we need to think about is that the government is different .
instantaneously , you did the promise of your reserve , and you wouldn &apos;t do it .
and you don &apos;t tell you , you don &apos;t tell you that you &apos;re a  UNK  killer .
maybe i don &apos;t want to be a medical doctor .
and the tsunami that followed the tsunami was important , but it would often steal the battery .
and she gave her for her , and she gave her some of the drugs that she could afford .
it &apos;s getting faster , and that &apos;s why i think it &apos;s kind of like a computer .
we love love .
so i woke up next morning , and i thought i was a dream , and did this proposal ?
that &apos;s how we can .
thank you very much for ted . thank you .
tell me what you &apos;re going to do . &quot;
and here we want to talk about the companies in the world to help us contextualize this .
the role of ideas are creative , creative groups , groups and  UNK  , these are the characteristics of new media and people who are engaged in the audience to make the seriousness .
it takes a trip .
we want to fight prejudice and prejudice against discrimination .
because there &apos;s a kind of pianist that jimmy paddy this kind of thing called  UNK  , interesting things that brings us to the seamless and interesting things to make generalizations to the things .
but if you don &apos;t need it , everybody else will take it from you .
every single one in every generation had just a few milliseconds .
let &apos;s look at this level of 10 percent of the time we &apos;re going to vote according to the same time .
that &apos;s the fifth of every 15 seconds ?
10 minutes later , the judge suggested it .
but in the next two days , she was never going to be waking up .
i was nine years old , and i said , &quot; okay , my grandmother , i &apos;ll be sure . &quot;
i represent children .
you &apos;ve seen people ?
in fact , there &apos;s no one person who knows better than a good surgeon or a  UNK  surgeon .
this generation has grown up in their homes .
and the midnight told us that he had to drive milo .
we &apos;ve got a little bit more to it
another patient has severe depression .
she said , &quot; we have no death penalty in germany .
many of my students were young .
and i thought , &quot; well , my husband , i &apos;ll be . &quot;
they sent this tool to sell the 28 euros to laramie .
and my responsibility is to persuade him to me , and my responsibility is to learn from the history of history , which is trying to take us back and forth .
i don &apos;t know .
and i did a  UNK  talk , and when i ended up , she looked at me and said , &quot; phew . &quot;
but if you live in a place where you live in two areas , two percent of your favorite  UNK  are sleep-deprived . you &apos;ve got to send her advice in the  UNK  of the  UNK  .
we &apos;ll never do it in our own country .
we can see some of the things that we do
here &apos;s what we call  UNK  .
we have to do this as a society society .
and i looked up and he was frowning .
you can see the impact that &apos;s happening here .
so he asked citizens citizens to see them .
and i began to wonder , what did i do ?
but in the middle , there &apos;s a good luck , and there &apos;s going to get two of them .
i mean , these two sets points out that they &apos;ve taken all the same identical and identical colors .
so now we go back again .
but if the same as the results of the same token as a consequence of champagne at the same time , with a bottle of anger , i wrote the tone on the page that i would read .
my mother gave us the grandmother &apos;s hand .
bill doyle : drugs , drugs and  UNK  destruction .
these people know something that we &apos;ve lost .
there was no support for the husband , with her husband , and she would like to end up with her fame .
even when he comes from the door to the door , he seems to be his
i got to march three months later .
in fact , the whole thing is actually pretty straightforward , and i &apos;m going to send my data back to the data .
if you look at the city in a basement , you can buy an iphone for your iphone in your iphone , and you can actually save lives in the last seven years .
we are starting to care about human rights and human beings before we start to change the evolution .
he said , &quot; computer , you take a snapshot of random sequence .
and february of february , february february , and last year , it was a lot of great celebrations in february .
at this moment , i noticed myself at ted .
but these programs just like this , and they remind us that we are not just as consumers , and we &apos;re not just passive consumers of our government .
now , what i did was a design that was designed to design the properties of design .
so here , this picture here is a place called  UNK  .
and then finally , i got the car and started to go down .
i don &apos;t know how to manipulate the machine .
even unlike the technology company , rather like the web itself .
and so it goes different .
and in fact , i did not make mistakes , until i met a woman .
and luckily , he didn &apos;t have died .
and if you are one of them , i want you to be able to think about it , because many things are changing .
how do i get it ? &quot;
and i went back to the clinic .
UNK  means that  UNK  is interrupted , and it won &apos;t be evicted , and it &apos;s not going to fall asleep , and ,
you can buy a query on google , but it &apos;s not a dog , but the infection of infection , and it might be  UNK  .
but that &apos;s not because , because that &apos;s what peers &apos;s ability to help patients help -- patients can help prevent obesity .
and what &apos;s going to happen is the largest , is unsustainable economic collapse .
if i stand beside my own room , and room my room , send me to help them and try to help them and talk about them , and i told you that , maybe i &apos;m not telling you more than two stories about them .
it &apos;s probably one of the first four  UNK  of the  UNK  .
i &apos;m sorry to say , but i &apos;m going to try and learn to learn from others .
but they can do it .
and the chairman of the last four recent million criticisms have been tested in the developing world .
on the other hand , i exaggerate the reality of violent confrontation , the tyranny of tyranny and  UNK  .
a few weeks ago , we took a couple of weeks to the rhode island of rhode island , and to put it into a completely  UNK  , lowercase and paper -- and said , &quot; what do we do . &quot;
so one of the things that i &apos;ve learned in the  UNK  x prize is that the goal of a combination of training , a very small group of passionate that can be a great achievement , a great achievement and the government and the government .
it &apos;s still a problem with a computer computer problem .
it also has even cell phones .
changing changes . we all know .
brian : no matter how much worse than did .
and we asked them to each other , including myself , and i gave them a word for perfection .
and i believe that in many parts of our country , of course , of course , the areas of the world is not poor .
and of course , we &apos;re never going to have death death . &quot;
and my god , at the end of 2013 , the mobile phones will go to 70 percent .
and when you go out and buy a person , you &apos;ll see someone in your life or something you just can find .
we use the input of the government of the government .
and so i was able to get some doctors and i could get it , and then he could look at what i had to see if i didn &apos;t see the weight of my heart as a heart attack , so i wanted to look at it .
and when i often tell you about this incredible new technology of what &apos;s going to happen next year , i think , since i &apos;ve been working together , and so , let me tell you what i &apos;ve really learned about my mind is figuring out what &apos;s going to happen to understand and how understanding the technology has happened .
they use them to replicate them .
and i think there &apos;s a theory of understanding how life can come from an evolution of life , but i want to tell you about a simple story , which is , at the time , there &apos;s a  UNK  oil turbine out there , and there are all kinds of different filters .
and i want to ask you a question .
it &apos;s true .
what would they want to consume ?
you have to realize that they need to deal with huge challenges .
my grandfather gave me his life .
crisis , death , disaster .
a friend of mine resonates with a beautiful video clip is a  UNK  walk in new york city in new york city , and i have to admit that i &apos;m not interested in .
now , i don &apos;t know if you know this , the bacteria can actually insert up .
we all love cooking games , right ?
personally , i think i create a place where to create a place where you don &apos;t have to deal with your ideas .
and the best thing that they began to understand is that they weren &apos;t in any grade .
thirty billion dollars were published in new mexico .
UNK  2 : oxfam .
and we saw that process itself .
it &apos;s kind of like this .
here &apos;s a switch .
because this talk is going to be everywhere .
it &apos;s going to add up with this envelope , and it &apos;s going to give you a noise valve .
in egypt , the  UNK   UNK  the egyptians of egypt  UNK  egyptian hieroglyphics , which was a lot of documents .
privacy is not discussion .
we have three main groups .
so we &apos;re going to talk about why we &apos;re going to start with some videos that will become even more important .
slowly , steady steady , it feels awful .
and i think , in a lot of places places in the area , it &apos;s a sense of fairness .
UNK  , this lady said , &quot; because our history , we might decide to be killed .
at the time i went to the high school in burkina faso .
at the next two hours , she began to feel better .
it seems to be on the other side of the date , but what it really is is that when it comes to the end of its peak , it will submerge it , because it knows that when it &apos;s four feet long enough , it &apos;s going to explode .
he said , &quot; my brothers and every one of them said he was very special . &quot;
in the u.s. , in the u.s. academy , in the academy of medicine , this number 10 years ago .
it &apos;s both horizontally and oxygen .
so , the western government provide government tools for governments to fight against their own citizens .
this is  UNK   UNK  .
and i went back to that feeling of silence and nights , and then the emotional meltdown later , back to the time , until the mistakes were repeated .
she had servants , and she had autonomy .
these parties are very excited and inspiring .
i was brian allen .
and the judge said he was adults , but i saw only a child .
how does it be useful ?
we all have the ability to be technology .
he said , &quot; please repeat it . &quot;
so here we &apos;ve heard the ted talks about this incredible talk .
you can everybody in the network .
it &apos;s not surprising to the hood at the top of the bear , and the  UNK  psalm , it &apos;s like the
because the only way i decided to understand this is to look at the timeline .
is it the details ?
for example , most extreme , we can actually start with a sequence of the sequence from random randomly .
rebecca : today &apos;s friday , you know , friday nights , and he &apos;s yelling on friday nights , every friday nights , and every friday nights .
and i remember when i was in my morning , i woke up in the morning and went to the living room .
when i was a little kid , every time i saw hyun-sook she had me .
but it didn &apos;t work very fast .
they want to say , &quot; listen ,  UNK  and me . &quot;
i think anyone can do this .
and in this minute , i &apos;m going to take a video of watching the web video clips that only unique and inventive videos .
put it in the air , go home . go home .
and i think it &apos;s as a puzzle in the real world where you can create the real world .
but there are all kinds of citizens on the internet , so everybody can see it .
it &apos;s just like a real beginner .
on the other end of the transaction , i didn &apos;t realize that they had a  UNK  .
no wonder , people think of the world .
so in my view , i &apos;m focusing focusing on the right place .
it was a lot more than 40 years ago .
from a sense , computer is far better than we are .
instead of  UNK  , other folk , i forgot about my existence .
we have seven million people in  UNK  and  UNK  .
in the history of technology , there is no mediation in which technology has led to disastrous growth .
and carl sagan , and she put her hand on her head and said , &quot; this is why you want to be brave . &quot;
and this is what we &apos;re doing with  UNK   UNK  , and we have the  UNK  with the digital network .
or is it a picture of photography ?
it was just appointed by a mother .
the first step of my talk is about 1.5 billion years .
the internet is there .
so i &apos;ve talked about the risk of unemployed and education and questioning issues like the edges and the  UNK  .
it &apos;s a surprise . when i teach me history , i talk to me .
so that &apos;s the message that i got in medical school .
so i went to the court .
at the beginning i thought we were playing games .
this is what happens to us .
i blew my weight off my weight .
at the same time , 40 percent of the  UNK  .
i am a human , and i &apos;m wrong .
thank you .
it &apos;s kind of like a kind of chemical form of life , but it &apos;s interesting , and it &apos;s interesting , and it &apos;s interesting , and it &apos;s interesting , and when it comes to the skill of the
tagging statistics on statistics .
for example , in california , in 2014 , we &apos;re going to spend two billion dollars a year .
in fact , these numbers are much more efficient than any of my assignments .
in south africa , people know that we can &apos;t forget that anymore , unless we &apos;re honest , we can spy .
and in order to achieve this purpose , i have to tell you a whole bunch of things , and it &apos;s completely irrelevant .
now , for the sake of the children , the  UNK  of the children .
we are actually helping these people .
i once once again with  UNK   UNK  , he grabbed a ball and he said , &quot; look , look , this .
the whole micro piece of red button , and this was a joke joke that everybody could participate in creative commons .
you can imagine that artificial ai like this artificial intelligence , all of the people who are all capable of doing it .
a billion , health care , educated , entrepreneurial society , what can we do with them ?
and the idea was that the ideas that were growing up at the time , and it was a very different kind of money .
when i got my brother and i had my brother and i had to go back to the beer -- i did not know how he got to me -- he went to me and my
UNK  is an authority certificate .
it comes from seattle .
she grew up in the age of  UNK  , the largest oil spill .
why am i going to go into medical health ?
and that &apos;s why i believe that the self is important .
so i get a new generation of different modes of  UNK  .
UNK  is electrical tiles , each strand contains a specific function .
and the only purpose of her life is to get home in australia .
the folded shape it determines its structure and structure .
absolutely , absolutely impossible to make false mistakes -- but we let them think about how you think about it .
so that &apos;s a project that &apos;s done with a project that &apos;s made by a  UNK  gesture .
that &apos;s what we have .
now , in the next generation , we will trust our government , and we don &apos;t want to lose .
now , at the moment that time now , i said , &quot; mr.  UNK  , you &apos;ve got to tell you what &apos;s going to tell you about before 9 / 11 years is that we &apos;ve invaded terrorism . &quot;
the nurse came up and said , &quot; well , i don &apos;t have a problem . &quot;
these guys are making money .
thirty years ago , it sounds pretty ridiculous .
and when she stayed up at night , she swam at the end of the time , and every time she would do with her friends , two women parliamentarians two women parliamentarians , and she was a black black woman -- and  UNK   UNK  , a woman named  UNK  , who was named anne  UNK  .
&quot;  UNK  . &quot;
and lego , is to combine the  UNK  , the real estate in the real world , building the building blocks of our imagination .
now generation generation is growing up , and they know that they &apos;re doing the same thing , and it just doesn &apos;t need to build the system .
and i think that all of us are part of us , and what is the next step .
so they get better .
one of the things we did was in the netherlands , was commissioned by a  UNK  .
in my album &quot;  UNK   UNK  , &quot; i &apos;m going to do it &quot; the worst mistake . &quot; and i &apos;m going to get away from the top to the  UNK  , and i say , &quot; that &apos;s the worst mistake i &apos;ve ever done before , and i say , &quot; that &apos;s my worst mistake . &quot; and then i &apos;m going to
and she said , &quot; you &apos;re a special child . &quot;
one of the team , erik hersman , named brendan  UNK  , and the other thing : the citizens will defecate those aisles in the aisles .
a few years ago i started developing a few years ago .
and that &apos;s what happens in these groups .
this is not participation .
there are more than eight hours on youtube .
every day , i &apos;ve done a lot of  UNK  .
but our lives is more advanced than ever .
babies die in 10 times .
i started  UNK  .
it &apos;s going to be saved by tossing the eggs and converts them into bins , and it will smell the smell of the smell .
and if you ever wondered the peak of the time , the
so we looked for a couple of weeks , and then they asked them to the government .
we have a kind of idea : when we get all of us who will be wrong with the medical system , we &apos;ll get a safe system .
and after diagnosis , i began to help her treatment .
some of my broken leg .
and it &apos;s called apropos movies , which is completely based on statistics , and how to build a big group of money .
like a  UNK  , you can actually manufacture a transistor , a complex and more complex circuits .
the first sketch was built in a very simple idea : put together in a very simple idea .
there was a few months before they forgot .
we know the position of all the  UNK  .
let &apos;s look at some examples .
and it puts all the information together and look at it , and there &apos;s any threat threatened in the environment .
well , it turns out to be the power of our time .
my mother , my mother ,  UNK  , 18 , eight years old , , two of them .
thank you .
if i had been told that i had been told that i had been told by any of the professionals that i had been told that i was exiled out of all the bad failures , and this was not going to
yeah , i &apos;ve mounted the house on the island , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s going to
it &apos;s going to come back and forth .
she &apos;s not going to have an internal mindset , but to be able to get everybody in a certain amount of time .
two things happen .
you can put it in a middle , and you put it in a center .
this has taken me up on the front of my artwork , but i don &apos;t have any time when i &apos;m stroking my camera .
we love it .
because ultimately , how we we want to talk about more and more and more and more and more and more and more broadly in the
and i want to start with this picture , and if you look at it every single time .
it turns out , the government is tracking the mermaid parade .
it &apos;s seen that governments can get more efficient , but not a lot more like a lot of people .
it &apos;s a building that allows you to put a piece of amino acids , and analyze analytical proteins .
after a few days later , he picks up .
it &apos;s a very good question .
these anonymous groups are active active in the last 12 months , and become the main majority of the attacks .
and the heart of the mind is that my core beliefs .
it &apos;s not a privacy problem .
&quot; remember ? &quot;
today i &apos;m going to show you one of the projects i &apos;m going to show you what we did .
now , what i &apos;d like to ask is , if you look at the exponential curve , it &apos;s not always constant .
this is a very simple thing that my
we &apos;re walking .
so let &apos;s help us help us not only health , but we can get it .
they vaccinated a lot of money , and a lot of money .
if he took one of his life , he didn &apos;t mean that he didn &apos;t mean that he was a  UNK  .
and finally , people will ignore us society , and what we society is , whether we have people who are people , who are people who have a lot of people who are people who are people who are people who are people who are people who are people who are people who are people who are people who are the people who are victims of the people who are victims of
and that is that when you touch it , let &apos;s make sense of anger , as we feel about our politics , and the government , the government , the government , the government , in the center , the government , in the center , says , &quot; governments have helped us to make a difference . &quot;
we want to change change for death penalty systems .
and i didn &apos;t end up , and the whole court was supposed to be angry , because we were talking about how we were talking about poverty , we don &apos;t talk about it .
these are all kinds of things that we connect together , more sophistication than we are , much faster than we are .
and hundreds of people are starting to play with this game .
even aluminum  UNK  , earth  UNK  , but it &apos;s not  UNK  .
four o &apos;clock : the  UNK  delta .
we love technology , we love .
and in order to achieve this pattern , i think the most important thing is planning .
where do you go home ?
this is just for her .
every gallon of 16 minutes , 16 minutes of water .
jimmy wales : a blessing to a video of
and when i was despondent , i said , &quot; why am i going to make a stupid mistake ? &quot;
now , what we &apos;ve given up is that we &apos;ve given the government for the government , and we asked ourselves when we want to leave our kids .
there are some kind of chemical elements that come together , and that leads to the chemical composition that they can get from the outside .
we complain about it .
and he said , &quot; when we are in the eastern negotiations of corruption in eastern europe , we want to be a lot more , but most importantly , we need a hope that we need to be an urge to hide , and what &apos;s going to be . &quot;
this graph shows the demographics .
and then the  UNK  comes back .
and that worked . scott .
and this is really important .
we can &apos;t get it .
so basically all the tools we have in our hands , our imagination is our imagination .
and when i think about her grandmother , of course , everybody feels special .
imagine being able to apply this device in health care , 25 percent of the health care worker .
so let &apos;s go back to my world &apos;s medical field , medicine , and i &apos;m pretty familiar with this , but let me tell you a little bit .
&quot; what do you have ? &quot;
and electrolux of  UNK  .
and it goes down , and organic , natural gas .
the first memory of my memory comes from the boat -- the air force goes off to the sea level .
these are the neural structures .
there &apos;s also a  UNK  dancer .
and i saw her glass ceiling .
steve  UNK  shows us that we live live in the history of humankind .
these pictures need to show you how to discover the skill .
and it says , &quot; well , there &apos;s a lot of a lot of different instrumentation , so you can fly for security . &quot;
i work in my work .
we &apos;ve got to make our government accountable .
and so many of the things that she did .
so this project is called &quot; american code , &quot; and it &apos;s kind of like a  UNK   UNK  .
and what &apos;s interesting is that youtube video is just a slide of what we &apos;re accustomed to , is a straight line .
now i want to tell you one more thing .
this video was actually uploaded last year .
and she said , &quot; your mother is my mother-in-law , and you &apos;ll get her . &quot;
and that &apos;s not what we &apos;re enthralled .
baseball : 1.9 billion people in the world .
she reminds me that she &apos;s going to take us when we go to the united states .
and the group of shared is shared sharing and sharing it , and it &apos;s going to talk about it .
all the bad guys on horseback with tea , and they proclaim .
UNK   UNK  .
that was stunned .
cheers . i am kevin  UNK  . i &apos;m youtube , and i &apos;m youtube videos , and my peers are watching youtube videos .
this is not our struggle .
we all want to be another star -- celebrity , singer , singer , comedian , and when i was young , it was very hard .
a few days later , we went to  UNK   UNK  , watching her coffin .
and so we changed our brains , because the brain is that it doesn &apos;t matter .
the death penalty was made from the united states .
they all have evolved to be naked , acoustic , or motors .
what credentials does this happen ?
and that &apos;s why , hydrogen sulfide .
people know the risk .
but recently , we &apos;ve been able to save patients where patients are going to save the patients ?
but the bear didn &apos;t have to play a video game .
they would use their hands .
there &apos;s a very interesting anecdote that i &apos;ve been working on .
they &apos;re using their hands to their hands to make the government programs better .
because as an  UNK  , it &apos;s easy to give up your vision , it &apos;s easy to disprove your assumptions .
one of my diagnosis was diagnosed with him .
but it &apos;s not clear that it &apos;s not possible .
chris : there &apos;s a big decline in the last 30 years .
first of all , it &apos;s very rare -- whether it &apos;s good , whether it &apos;s good or not , or war or peace .
i also joined the  UNK  of hatred .
i &apos;m not just one of the anger that i die in a coward .
but i remember the light source of oil absorbent comes from the north coast of youth , and the first thing i &apos;ve got my first apple , my first apple , from a  UNK  .
but if you combine those objects in a certain way , you can create a visual object that can still be a three-dimensional object as if it &apos;s a three-dimensional object .
i was sitting in front of my room at the end of my room .
let &apos;s say you &apos;ve got to  UNK  , and then you &apos;ve given you a group of a  UNK  surgeon .
because ultimately , our overall humanity depends on our humanity .
i don &apos;t believe it .
he &apos;s not eating soda .
it &apos;s not just the american code that you have hundreds of thousands of people in the country , hundreds of millions of people living in their own communities , and putting them into their own communities .
and i hope that i can tell you the worst mistake i &apos;ve ever made that i &apos;ve ever been discovered 25 years ago , and my colleague of mine is generally , but it &apos;s totally  UNK  .
we &apos;ve heard a wonderful storyteller .
and lego .
i believe in every single person on this planet .
as a lot of people , i thought that the government was just appointed elected officials .
now , i &apos;m not saying that these problems aren &apos;t exist -- the climate crisis .
UNK   UNK  .
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
and yet we don &apos;t understand it .
but thinking of them , in fact , in some sense , they put them into our lives .
in fact , one of the things that i did was in order to make sense , i was able to record this code .
right , i added two things wrong .
and the first picture of that , is the first one that it takes to work .
and the best way to avoid the population growth of the population growth is to get more engaged in the world .
emmanuel ? yeah .
because now it &apos;s not just fun , we &apos;re involved in it .
and i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t want to drink . you &apos;re drinking . &quot;
this is an example of our government used to use our citizens leaders .
i mean by the person &apos;s image .
actually , i know , i &apos;m confident that they can do the task because they come from an area on the scale of the time .
they &apos;re abstract and weird .
but it really takes a lot of planning .
i had the  UNK  to the janitors , outside the outside .
in this country , there are nearly four million deaths in the united states .
and i said , &quot; i don &apos;t . . you &apos;re drinking . you drink . i drink . &quot;
so , these communication dynamics are forming , and in some sense , they &apos;re on the same boat ; they &apos;re collaborative .
this is moore &apos;s law .
don &apos;t equate them .
it &apos;s a free fight against injustice .
and i would say , &quot; yes , ma &apos;am . &quot;
technology accelerates the speed itself .
when we say a little  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
they don &apos;t want to  UNK  or  UNK  magnified .
but on the other hand side is our self .
in the same year , at the beginning , a new revolution is going to launch the next generation .
in poverty , in poverty communities , in the private community , in despair , they were brought from these changes .
&quot; do you remember koko patients ? &quot;
and i think we can help .
when i talk to her , i heard her own suitcase .
now , i &apos;m working for designing computer computer , and i know that it &apos;s not possible for the computer that computers have designed computers , without any more computers .
and i was successful .
we will not trust the future of the future , and the government government , the government for 50 years ?
the most venomous  UNK  of the most famous  UNK  in the yucatan of the yucatan .
and then at the end of the sessions , i was pitching .
a citizen helping a citizen helping a citizen , and government government plays a key role .
i had 100  UNK   UNK  , and i tried to try to find them hostage .
and the best thing is that they used o.c. spray .
i assembled a group that we can &apos;t have a team .
when i got on the street , there was a black black guy , and the owner of the courts .
and at the same time , i realized that most of the outsider , and most recently , on the screen , on the screen , not just the things that were coming out of the boat .
my brother fled .
they can do anything in any time , and they do it .
but it happened .
it &apos;s almost like the self of the immune system like cancer cells .
so we had never seen before .
and the third principle is to make eye contact of these different frequencies .
in fact , we &apos;ve changed the poverty of poverty .
on the one hand , i &apos;m a typical group of asian asian students .
and here &apos;s the picture .
when she lands on the back of 600 miles , i was in the hotel room in sydney .
they noticed that the  UNK  in this city would have been .
it led to the cells -- and they made it a lot longer .
so we have a problem with this ...
people seem to be politically sexy .
what are you doing with you ?
that &apos;s what happened yesterday .
this is not ...
if you &apos;re  UNK  in your city , you will be connected to here .
my wild is always everywhere .
i spend most of my time in prison , in prison , in prison .
we &apos;ve got a few decades ahead of the 20th century .
fifty percent of the rain was  UNK  .
the police had come along with the police officer .
and i &apos;d like to remind you that there &apos;s a very controversial scale , and that &apos;s not
and he pointed out here .
while they were disappointed , they didn &apos;t complain about it .
at the same time , the current day and the present tense and the present tense , the fourth time ,  UNK  .
every once once , it &apos;s not a chemical magnetic field .
they had a lot of money , but they paid money , and they paid illegal logging by using the banks of the banks , when we put them on the internet , and when we looked at the data , we use our credit card information , or when we use our credit card information , or we use our credit card information , or when we get the credit card .
but these aren &apos;t really alive today , especially in our present , because it &apos;s a random sequence of random sequence .
and this process is  UNK  , and it turns out , i suppose , should be more intuitive -- when we change the speed .
this is because of heart attacks , there &apos;s no turning out of the blood of the lung cancer , and in part of the blood flows back to the lungs , the blood flow through the lungs .
this is al gore .
here &apos;s another  UNK  from estonia ,  UNK   UNK  .
and if we have a duty of motivation , it must come in women .
and she said , &quot; it will make you sad and  UNK  and  UNK  . &quot;
every year we &apos;ve asked students to create a company or a company or a service provider , a service provider that will make a difference .
when i walk into a while -- and now i don &apos;t know how you think about it .
&quot; because you get goose morning in the morning , and he says .
who is not willing ?
he just wanted to share a gun .
so i &apos;m going to talk about how it &apos;s going to happen .
they sell the certificate .
what you need to get out of it is you have a  UNK  website , which is a service , which is a service service .
it &apos;s not unlike the same time in the 20th century , media media , and it &apos;s a collective participation that allows us to be a part of that -- to spread across time .
it &apos;s not about what is really , but about what we think think it &apos;s true .
oh , my god !
so the first principle is that all the images are transparently distributed .
it doesn &apos;t talk about wine wine .
i &apos;m a dermatologist .
you &apos;ve got to rob a sample page of a typewriter .
maybe a few mutations .
and if we want to support it to service , we have to make it sexy .
i &apos;ll show you how to play .
these are the targets for the three main chiefs : the owners of the money is determined by anonymous drugs , and the last group of  UNK  are mexican nations .
here &apos;s another version of the puzzle .
this is just a random jumble of random samples from my archive .
my mom was the youngest one .
and he did it . when he looked at the patient , he had a soft soft .
she &apos;s going to share her experience with other people .
this is a story story of a bass story aired in  UNK  .
and finally , she said , &quot; the third thing , i &apos;m going to save you . &quot;
she has a huge increase in this year , and she &apos;s going to recover from her recovery .
this is the main reason why we prison .
next , the next painting was the dawn of the parthenon in the morning  UNK  the morning .
when you get the best protein in the best , you don &apos;t have a professor at the university of iowa , but a graduate student at the end of the year at the end of the year , at the time of the cost of the cost of the world .
at the end , i get a perfect  UNK  .
this game video games .
the other doctors are scared of the three things , but because of their patients who are looking for the doctors doctors , they have a very special meaning for us .
and he goes .
and if you did that , you can name it for you ; it &apos;s called the first 15 years .
bears  UNK   UNK  : what does it mean ?
so , for example , language is a small step .
but that &apos;s probably the case .
this is an ode to me , and we believe that it &apos;s not just that those things that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the same ones that are the same ones that are the same .
on the board of a hole , talking about technology , and it &apos;s fresh .
and the most important thing is that everyone wants to talk to you and say , you know , look at it .
but it turns out that we can cause the death of death death .
so here &apos;s the key thing , when the patient gets collected data , it &apos;s not just that they can control their own hands , but also the challenge that we can afford to invest in health care , or health care and so on .
why am i worried about ?
the united states , two months ago , two years ago ,  UNK   UNK   UNK  at the federal reserve in the swiss bank robbery .
and i like this : &quot;  UNK   UNK  . &quot;
it allows us to manufacture more complex than a normal engineering technique .
let me give you an example .
so it &apos;s self .
in the next day , day , my gut has a kind of  UNK  .
so a need for a few minutes of programming viruses like a virus , a  UNK  .
that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to say .
and now we have all kinds of digital tools that we &apos;ve got all sorts of things , and it &apos;s not easy to remember that it &apos;s so easy .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s happening now with innovation .
you should hear the audience , you know , this group wants to help you , you know .
i &apos;ve curated the armature beam of the muscle attachments , all of the muscle attachments , every one of the arteries of the arteries of the arteries of the arteries , and of of
we used to teach kids to watch them and watch them .
actually , i was so confident , so i thought i could even take care of the youngsters of my aunties and i said , &quot; did you let me go home ? &quot;
kevin : the unexpected humor , casey  UNK  and his amazing ideas and the majority of his surprise .
he won &apos;t be right .
and finally , let me end with three words : i remember it .
i &apos;ve been scooped out there , and i don &apos;t get caught up , i guess i &apos;m going to end here .
oh , day , day , a friday .
so we have a war on the road .
it &apos;s the source of resources .
and we wanted to make this material .
that &apos;s an amazing experience .
do you know the baseball , how many creationists have voted on the face of  UNK  ?
politics doesn &apos;t change , but governments are changing .
so these studies have evolved evolved to happen in the case that no longer exists , just as a single cell , but what we call organisms .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s futile .
and that &apos;s why we don &apos;t really understand what we &apos;ve ever learned .
the more i said earlier , the more people invite me to speak .
but we don &apos;t pay attention .
and i said , &quot; fine . &quot;
there &apos;s no options .
the more changes , the faster changes .
and then i took the first wrong thing : i made her back home .
don &apos;t you have my time ?
and finally finally , this black black widow has been crying , and i &apos;ve barely scratched my  UNK  on the back .
her brain had been paralyzed by damage .
so that &apos;s why you &apos;re in your pockets , it &apos;s cheaper to be more than 100 times more likely to be more or less than 100 times .
this is matthew  UNK  ,  UNK  , etc .
now , at the conference conference , you &apos;re talking about the future , and you can see that the future is still in 2000 .
at this point , i said , &quot;  UNK  , &quot;  UNK  and court .
i &apos;ll never retreat .
so i &apos;ve spent a few minutes of a few minutes of a few millions of years of human life , or , , in
and i got drunk , and my sister got drunk , and you drink it . &quot;
and when she was 17 , she was 17  UNK  , she  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
we mean , the average elite  UNK  is very stable , very , two meters .
so this is great . that &apos;s the reality of reality and digital fabrication .
that &apos;s all possible .
and the third era of the terrorism is , of course , finally , finally , of course , the end of the conflict with the conflict and the
for a year , we &apos;re not  UNK  .
ladies and gentlemen , gave me a tremendous faith in the future , and that &apos;s what we have as a person to be challenged by the challenge of the world .
here &apos;s an example .
we &apos;re not just interested in it .
narrator : there are plenty of opportunities .
this caterpillar is called  UNK   UNK  , which is a sonic composition .
but i can go to it , watching them secure , and that &apos;s what i hope .
we truly live in a great age .
last year of solar growth has halved .
it enables us to build something that is building itself , building bridges , bridges like this .
it doesn &apos;t seem to be accused of it .
in the future , most of crime is happening online .
the average population is covered by water .
i still didn &apos;t know how i thought , but i thought i could accept that .
and she &apos;s going to hold it off , and i kept going to get me off .
i want you to look at it in the details of it , but it &apos;s the same form .
so , maybe , let &apos;s use the analogy for a  UNK  or a  UNK  to look at the position of the
and sometimes these ideas are so much less , and it &apos;s very severe .
yeah ,  UNK  percent of all of the sediment is the sea iceberg , and we &apos;re hurrying billions of water in the world , but we still hope .
there &apos;s a  UNK  technology .
the  UNK  era changed their lives .
so what i &apos;m saying is that we have to coordinate three simple principles of order .
your ideas don &apos;t need anybody .
a well-crafted  UNK  app , looking for  UNK  .
and so that system allows us to change the reforms , and can make it easier for us to avoid the wrong thing to avoid the wrong mistakes , and at the same time , we can create a  UNK  communal environment environment , to encourage each other in our own health care system , to encourage each other , especially if we judge our health care system , and especially if we make mistakes , as opposed to the human race , as opposed to the human race , as opposed to us .
but in fact , it still remains a myth .
and she said , &quot; the second thing is , you have to agree that you will always go , and you &apos;re going to go . &quot;
we don &apos;t have a program .
i am angry .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that the wrong thing is .
but when we add a picture , it &apos;s worth it , and we think about it , it &apos;s going to be
and i started that .
now , you &apos;re going to take all of these random instructions , all of these tests , all of the things that i want . &quot;
and these cells , again , again , started to extract the information .
if he told jokes , it doesn &apos;t mean that he &apos;s a liar .
and they &apos;re going to use their mobile phones , and more healthy , they &apos;re more likely to have to be more and more and more and more and more and more and more of the , than .
but this picture is actually a picture of a lot of different photos .
but today , 2011 , if you go from any big city to buy a piece of paper , buying the page of the page , the paper hits the page , and the paper would have a little sticker on the page , and that &apos;s the unique length of your dashboard .
but i was still there .
the cat is watching videos .
i &apos;ve been many questions .
and i think it &apos;s very indebted to say we think we evolved the evolution of evolution .
you know , eventually , we &apos;ve got to believe that those are not seen .
we seem to be on this level , in the beginning of the future .
and she &apos;s connected to the  UNK  .
well , the answer is , if i get a normal line drawing , and we say , this is a time , which is something that i &apos;m going to do , which is the kind of measurement measurement that i &apos;m going to paint with , which is kind of awkward .
well , we know that the three seasons in the future , and over and over and over again , because everything is going to happen so much more likely to change the future .
kevin : what does that mean ?
rb ? yeah . it &apos;s alive .
in 2010 , this video was taken over three million people .
it doesn &apos;t change the change .
two years later , when i was in a house in toronto , an ambulance hospital in palo alto , i looked at a 27-year-old 25 year-old boy .
and with these cnc ,  UNK  became a material material .
each immunization costs . forty percent of the money pays for english and math , don &apos;t have to wear clothes and wear .
and it can help the parents decide whether they want to be the best for their children .
now there are good news .
it was called  UNK  .
i have to tell you that this gave me a lot of ginger beer .
thank you .
and in a few years , lego blocks to each family .
for example , the best example we know is that humans .
in fact , we are the same code , exactly the same code , the same way .
the mother &apos;s mother goes home , but we have a conversation with each other , and listening to the sounds of the room .
it was built center .
i work too much .
how is it going to make it happen ?
i never never knew his real life .
and i said , &quot; i am a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re lawyers ? &quot; and i said , &quot; yes . sir . &quot;
let &apos;s switch supplements and say , because i &apos;m going to make paper .
this year celebrates the matriarch for thousands of years .
and each of these pictures is followed by a little bit .
and she said , &quot; i &apos;m sure you &apos;re not . &quot;
i learned learned from my grandmother .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing today .
this old lady stood up and looked at this , and he looked at me and he looked at me and said , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell you that young people watching a little bit , look at it . &quot;
and of course , a lot of people started rejecting fire .
what &apos;s the new era of this era ?
the most primitive forms of cells forming a little bit .
thank you .
i gave her some  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , to help the water bottle .
but i think it must have to be with us .
maybe it could have to be able to communicate with all the things that i could take care of my patient .
thank you .
so synchronization , when these people were very close to each other , in fact , they come together , and they decided to put together a single ingredient in the order of the community .
and these programs allow us to take our own hands to our society .
oh my god .
some of the files were published in germany , and it was sent to a german company called  UNK  , and it was the communications of the public .
and i &apos;m here today because i believe that there &apos;s a lot of people who understand that the moral nature of this world is , despite the end of the
so that &apos;s the brain and the nervous system .
i &apos;m going to start with a clip from here , and it &apos;s not a beautiful connection .
the problem is not energy , but it &apos;s .
yes , if you go to a party party , you might hear some jokes about other doctors , but you don &apos;t hear people &apos;s mistakes .
our justice system was not just changing the same story , but it was also reported that the separation of the
it &apos;s going to be a typical line of like this , which is completely different . it &apos;s going to happen .
oh ...
if we have more energy , we have a lot of water .
or is it possible ?
it sounds loud , right ?
at the time , there was an npr psychic , and it was brian allen to read it .
and that &apos;s when we talk about ourselves when they talk about ourselves .
as a doctor , you can help people as a doctor , if you &apos;re a  UNK  patient , you can help .
and then seattle and decided to put the spread of the citizens cleaned up the  UNK  textiles .
i took this year from this year , and i told you that i never had a drink wine .
a third of the black men in women are 18 , not in prison , is in  UNK  or  UNK  .
UNK  is the authority in the netherlands , or it &apos;s used .
i didn &apos;t do this thing that i had to do , and i picked up my phone rang and asked him to look at this case , and give him an opportunity to do a prize for a patient .
as i did , it was a justin bieber  UNK  , and from a youtube on youtube .
my job was , when noah had to recruit about the heart of the heart of the heart of the heart .
and the cloud , i &apos;m working at a company at the center of a company called the computational computing ; the sensors and the internet , robotics robot , 3d printing , which allows us to get access to the ability of the entire world and resources that produce the fuel that we &apos;ve produced in the entire world , to save ; the food supply .
next step , the nervous system and brain brain .
in fact , sometimes it uses the way we don &apos;t understand it .
we have an enormous impact on the 20th century , and over the course of the 20th century is speeding up accelerating , and in fact , in the next 30 years , we have to create a more prosperous world in the next 30 years .
yay !
and it &apos;s totally different .
and by looking at the edges of the image , the sun rises , the sun , the  UNK  of the expanse of the expanse of the expanse of colors and colors colors , colors colors and colors , and the the the the the the and the and the , and of each of them
so we don &apos;t talk about gender , and i believe that we don &apos;t want to be a series of facts that we don &apos;t want to .
it &apos;s not a tough diagnosis .
she was shy , and she was very ugly .
but together , they can create images like this .
when we think about ourselves and our lives , we can now have a suspicion that we can stay with us .
because i believe that human beings have the dignity only to respect it .
the life of centuries century changed .
so , for example , we &apos;ve made a designer designer and we can play a game designer with  UNK  .
by 2020 , the internet users will go from 20 billion people .
but it was unexpected .
and that &apos;s because the machine computers can be used to manufacture faster .
imagine him as a world as a as a global village .
and this is a good message , because it suggests that we &apos;re very good at very closely related to the world .
it &apos;s a legendary masterpiece -- like  UNK  -- he &apos;s a baseball league baseball bat in the last six million inheritance .
they don &apos;t need to experience our generation generation who has a fight for freedom .
one of the nine people who were killed 10 years ago was going to be executed for a death sentence .
no one knows what the honey bee will be able to find .
that &apos;s what happens .
and then there &apos;s a different picture .
a few hours later , when i gave her to me , she would come to me and ask me , &quot; could i feel it ? &quot;
two years later , i received a conclusion , and the government , especially the government , but it &apos;s about .
al gore &apos;s a fire hydrant .
when we decide whether we decide the right direction , we can actually get all the world around them .
so what &apos;s next ?
i &apos;d like to tell you a story about a great physicist named david attenborough , and i wanted to share with you -- you know , i had his permission -- he called the techniques that he called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; some of friends , some of them have heard about it .
and you can do it in a way that allows the mission to make ordinary people .
this is a zero-sum -- -- one of the people who were convicted of
i don &apos;t know .
and she pulled me up and said , &quot; i want to tell you something , you don &apos;t have to tell anyone . &quot;
in fact , we are more like these cells .
that &apos;s why the summit ridge is  UNK  .
it &apos;s a very unfair system .
we have rapid development technology and tools .
but it wasn &apos;t the end of the story .
my grandmother was born in the early &apos; 70s in the early 1980s , who decided to see her in the world .
tattoo was a  UNK  metal of the world , gold and gold .
and i &apos;m not talking about the definition of technology .
and in this period , with cells , there are groups of people who are population density , as a species of the organism .
all i have to ask , what i &apos;ve been asking myself , is the world where the world is the future ?
but it could not be accepted .
this is the next generation .
in the large numbers , there &apos;s only a small amount of light bulbs , and it kills 1.3 million degrees celsius , and it has become a cultural culture .
in a medical healthcare system , with 200 years , we have no access to the growth of knowledge .
and i was afraid of privilege and dissidents and rights .
as a history , he &apos;s dead .
and there was charles bonnet last year to go to 25 percent in the last 25 years .
i told me that my mother , i couldn &apos;t do it .
and she said , &quot; you can &apos;t say it . &quot; i said , &quot; sure . &quot;
and i said , &quot; sir , i wrote . &quot;
we are tipping .
the brain is the early indicator of our early  UNK  .
i said , &quot; okay , my grandmother . &quot;
when i think about creating a society society , it &apos;s not about every aspect of every aspect of life on earth , but create a hopeful lifestyle .
i live in a parallel world .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
but the most important thing is that inspired by technology , the cyber cultural culture .
it &apos;s very easy to understand the benefits of information online .
we &apos;ve developed a program that &apos;s going to work in a few years .
think about it , the majority of americans today in the united states today is still electricity , and drinking water , toilet toilets , the bathroom , the cafes , the cafes and the car .
and of course , the brain is very important .
that &apos;s it .
thank you .
we &apos;re putting our lives on more .
in fact , if i was , or my colleagues , i had a  UNK  brother-in-law in the hospital , and trust me when i met a child , i couldn &apos;t be able to interact with him .
when we looked at these things , people responded very clearly , because it sounds bad , but because i wasn &apos;t legal citizens , nor wouldn &apos;t really affect me .
but we &apos;re layering very complex things into sound , and the sounds of the brain , and make you very complex in your brain .
so i think it &apos;s really simple .
and that &apos;s where the chicago started to get people into the snow .
&quot; you don &apos;t stop . &quot;
and her death rate is 15 percent .
he was frowning to me .
UNK   UNK  , she said , &quot; she &apos;s doing it . &quot;
we have instruments in our pockets .
who &apos;s able to resist  UNK  , or gal stevenson , or  UNK   UNK  ?
they need a medical culture .
we have the ideals of technology and design in technology and entertainment creativity , and we have to engage with human nature , charity , and our collective wisdom .
and their motivations came out of that -- the protests ,  UNK  ,  UNK  .
we wanted to help people who were brought to the  UNK  .
that &apos;s every dot here , which represents the size of the performance .
in the last hundred years , human lifespans increased two times more , and in inflation , the inflation of the pace of inflation , increased the rate of inflation in the world .
and they asked me , &quot; we grew up in a mess . &quot;
do you want to hear us ? &quot;
we are poor .
and during the time , a coward went down to the janitors to the court .
in the netherlands , there &apos;s  UNK   UNK  .
but there &apos;s one more thing .
some people say that you &apos;ll never forget that your name .
so what you need to do is to put blue light on green and then quickly quickly , and then you can start layering them larger .
most of the time i was working in in a low-income neighborhood of low-income labor , and the
when i came out of medical school , i felt that i was able to remember everything that i was able to remember -- all of the commandments -- all of the things that i had failed to do -- i &apos;m saving the wrong likelihood of failure .
but it does any other way that governments can &apos;t do it .
for example , if you were there in this spring , there was a big thing about a spring , and it would be a big part of the time , and we would spend a lot of money on it .
i wanted to go back to the  UNK  , the comfort of the -- the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
maybe i have a reason for this .
i &apos;ve made some mistakes in the last five years .
it means that it &apos;s just propaganda .
my job is to maintain hostility , when she did .
the coast of the coast .
so how can we tell the death of death ?
if they found a comment on the web writing wrongs , they can track their opinions .
at the same time we have 30 billion people come together with the challenges together with us , we have to deal with great challenges , and we have to do what we need to do .
last year , we saw the code in the united states called  UNK  .
now i &apos;m going to be my own .
let &apos;s go back to the top 10 days .
my  UNK  camp , like any other state , if you were sentenced to kill your political power .
what if i &apos;ve been watching all the people in the north of the germans ?
and i gave him some bones that helped him , and he did , and my colleagues looked at my colleagues .
that is , i define what i &apos;m going to do .
so let &apos;s go back to what happened in the last century to see what we &apos;re looking at .
when i was a kid , i grew up as a child , grew up in 2000 , and it was going to happen in the year 2000 .
come back to death .
in fact , the other way of the different ways is that they can create a lot more complex materials , grow larger , more and more and more .
because it &apos;s obviously a photograph , but you can &apos;t .
my mother had been traumatized by the boat .
we don &apos;t like to talk about history .
UNK  science : michael  UNK  muses
because it &apos;s not our own problem .
and because of all these techniques .
but the good news is that technology is going to happen , and it &apos;s doable , is defined by the bedrock of the government , and it can apply our citizens society .
this is one of the big problems of the internet problem .
and the kind of thing that i &apos;m talking about is that emotion doesn &apos;t surprise you .
this is a little freaky .
but , wait , you know what ?
i think about this problem .
we don &apos;t really understand that history .
and he saw me , and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
it &apos;s like a virus .
it &apos;s very hard to imagine what happens when you &apos;re at a hospital &apos;s hospital .
aside from simple solutions , actually  UNK  .
three words are : remember ?
the best part of the world is medical .
it &apos;s kind of like the same english language , people are communicating with each other , and it &apos;s the same thing .
UNK  8 : the  UNK  . explorer : nine .
i &apos;ll never forget it .
you can download the web , download all the design files themselves .
three months after the rest of my life in the refugee camp .
forty-seven is the key detail of understanding of the human eye .
maybe it &apos;s because i &apos;ve been hundreds of millions of years , i can give up a little bit of
if you can get this great shot , it will be beautiful , and it &apos;s pretty much .
most of our ideas are crazy , and a few of them are very smart , and we .
oh , i gave myself a crown for you to see .
in rwanda , even after genocide notwithstanding , people still have been wondering , but we don &apos;t want to do it .
i &apos;m going to stand outside in the comfort zone , and it &apos;s not going to get rid of the world .
she was born , father died .
the next letter we got was saying , &quot; i climbed this spot , and we found it in the house .
the court refused to say that  UNK   UNK  , like  UNK   UNK  .
and in fact , what i &apos;ve been doing , designers , designers do what we do , and we think is what we call an  UNK  , and then it converts it back into something bigger than what we can do .
and that &apos;s not my job ; it &apos;s good .
peter molyneux : i &apos;m going to take a couple of video clips in the last six months , and if there were six months in the last six months .
in other words , in the future of my life , the future is 77 percent .
the transistor is a little plastic compound , and it converts us from the static enjoyment of  UNK  , which is to transform the world .
this gives us the evolution of evolution .
he said yes .
that &apos;s what i felt like .
and that changed from a doctor , which is me .
but this is a great example of a government funded by government .
let &apos;s think about energy .
UNK  , like everyone .
and i was going to talk about 10 million dollars a month .
today i want to talk about today , not just  UNK  , which is the name of that product .
when a child comes to another , another society is going to dwarf .
people around the world , they are doing things like that .
today , things are beyond .
the second half of the main group is  UNK  , we &apos;re not interested in today .
and i want to talk to you about a couple of of health care system .
and i walked into the judge , and i looked at the judge .
so a living organism can be like , for example , you know , you don &apos;t want to eat it , because it doesn &apos;t sound , and it &apos;s disgusting .
our own biases are going to affect our conclusion , for example , can be a perfect record for a  UNK  .
well , someone has been dentistry .
at the same time , we have three clinical trials in the field that we &apos;ve taken away from our own inmates , just because they stole a bicycle or a little bit , and we don &apos;t give them an opportunity to the  UNK  .
every day trying to work .
it &apos;s newer , creating development , not just in our brains .
now i &apos;m working at solar .
why not ?
UNK  is absolutely phenomenal .
and what &apos;s alarming is that it wasn &apos;t just that i wrote about it .
another way that we think about is not people for crimes , but we don &apos;t kill them .
we call the support for animals , a lot of money .
let me start with this slide of powerpoint presentations .
and race , and we have more harm than collateral damage .
and that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;re doing in time , and that , in a certain organism , is part of a cell type of cells .
he &apos;s a poet and mystic playwright , and it &apos;s a great job of solidarity and free .
it turns out to find the best  UNK  .
we &apos;ve learned that as a teacher , you have an impact on the teacher , if you &apos;re a charity teacher , your job is going to be very annoying .
and there is the power of creation to create wealth .
and when there &apos;s something that happens when you happen to ted on the ted stage , it &apos;s a lot more impact on the planet .
it &apos;s about the fact that people don &apos;t want to talk about their worst mistakes .
but i still kept asking myself these questions .
UNK  .
and in these files , there was a  UNK  called  UNK  .
but this is a  UNK  era of the country .
the united states today is the oldest nation in the world .
the mother started to work in rural villages , and a week later , six days , six months .
what would you write about how to write these characters ?
i had dinner with  UNK  .
there &apos;s even more eyes .
today , i think that any of us today is possible to be a victim of the crime of criminal crime , even beyond the real world .
the arab spring is going to happen in egypt ?
but then there &apos;s a long time lapse , which allows us a little bit more efficient than we can suppose .
so here we have 49 words on friday lines on youtube .
it &apos;s constantly morphing .
if i &apos;m a  UNK  person , i &apos;ll put it into a virus into the room .
i went back to work .
in spite of the diagram on the left , it still remains a perturbation .
in the &apos; 80s , in the &apos; 80s , if you had a  UNK  , you go to the government .
my grandmother was very upset , but she was also very popular .
if you have a chance to live in the city center of the city center like this , our colleagues scott &apos;s doing this -- in fact , they all need to do this services -- and they &apos;re going to have to do this in a different way that the government has been a  UNK  .
like all adults , my mother had a little bottle of cabinets .
and that &apos;s the basis of technology . and technology &apos;s exponential growth .
and i think that we tend to think that this is one of the main reasons for all of the electronic health care system , and one of the reasons we don &apos;t have .
there &apos;s no programming ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,
it has a program and a program that &apos;s called &quot; citizen . &quot;
so it &apos;s inflated and again .
when i looked at the arnold smile on the underside of her chest , the climbers had been told me that this was a heart attack .
and this shows this what we &apos;ve done .
so i &apos;m going to leave you with a problem : when we &apos;re dealing with very large , very important , and need us to do things together , and we &apos;re just going to have a bunch of people in the room , and we &apos;re just going to have a little group of people in the same way , or are we going to be  UNK  ?
and they talk about terrorism , and the second time period is that time period of time .
but these ideas come up with two ideas .
why didn &apos;t i communicate with my shame ? why am i going to get her home ?
my great friend ray kurzweil demos the technology of technology , and this curve , moore &apos;s law , and it &apos;s doubling about 12 months .
but in this country , we &apos;re really in the south bronx , we really do it in the south , when it comes black and not aisle when you get sued by the death of the likelihood that you &apos;re sentenced to 10 percent of the likelihood that you &apos;re sentenced to one percent of the likelihood that you &apos;re sentenced to one percent of your death penalty , when you &apos;re a black hole at the end of the murder of your death penalty , and as a consequence of a death penalty , it &apos;s black
and of course .
we know that the gas station .
so rov are open source .
it &apos;s a game called  UNK  .
this is not our trouble .
i was in my sister and my mother at the same time .
four years ago at ted , ray kurzweil and i started a new university called &quot;  UNK   UNK  . &quot;
the cell that doesn &apos;t need it , if you don &apos;t have the heart cells , cells , cells , cells , cells , etc .
now , copying the information that we have to replicate .
it will affect you .
i &apos;d like to talk about a statistic that i hope you &apos;ve heard about .
today we can actually sponsor companies like this .
i &apos;ve got a complicated , chaotic , chaotic .
today i want to share with you glimpses of my photographs .
we used to bring design to the schools .
and i was also talking about germany in germany .
but the king &apos;s fisherman .
we constantly bombarded conflict .
UNK   UNK  , the great leader of this feisty , the  UNK  of
and it &apos;s better , we &apos;ve spent hundreds of millions of dollars now -- gps and tv technology ,  UNK  and medical medical techniques -- it &apos;s not based on an iphone .
so that &apos;s not possible .
michael  UNK  : i tasted a ticket , because i didn &apos;t ride on the bike lanes , but it was often because i had a lot of suspects , because it was a lot of
so much more focused on is an inspiration , rather than just a moment of ecstasy .
so this is this one .
her parents were real  UNK  .
i went out to court .
last year , at the winter last year , i knew that i had a few months to talk about something that would be done in different ways .
let &apos;s apply this metaphor to other things .
and there &apos;s another nurse , one of the nurses , not to mention the 27-year-old woman , who said that most of the insurance doctors were afraid to hear about three words .
UNK  : in the fall of the bin laden , the threat threatens .
and i started doing what he called the  UNK  : &quot; it &apos;s going to grow up in my old child , young boy . &quot;
he talked about his family , and i was sure that i was not allowed to make sure that i wasn &apos;t going to
how a judge , how could it be a person in a different person ?
in 1972 , there were only three people in prison .
i was asked last week at harvard , and i was asked , was a leader , and i asked him that leadership was a person who could discover that someone might have died , because of the attack .
but this program is , more importantly , more importantly , is a new generation of people who are trying to solve the problems of the group , to tackle the solution , rather than a  UNK  institution .
and she asked her , &quot; why the grandmother &apos;s hand is  UNK  , and why ? &quot;
some people say it &apos;s partly attributable to productivity .
my alma mater , because christine &apos;s  UNK  .
so every time we open up the newspaper , we don &apos;t recognize the negative information negative .
we also want to reign with the monarch butterflies . &quot;
so he did any good programmer , and he did a computer programmer .
you &apos;re really excited about lollipop .
if i say , &quot; it doesn &apos;t feel like she said , &quot; i feel like , &quot; i feel like , &quot; calm down . &quot;
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet on the planet , about 100 percent of our energy consumption .
i learned a very simple principle .
but it &apos;s this non-zero-sumness that we have and we have , and we that we pay for it for us , and we hope spots , and we &apos;re losing our own energy .
physicians are also human beings , and she understands that she is , and she accepted it , and she doesn &apos;t feel that it &apos;s just unacceptable , but they can &apos;t be
in my  UNK  medical arts and journalism , from my mother &apos;s book , i wrote a book article from my hometown , &quot;  UNK   UNK  , &quot; and i &apos;ve been studying the medical health care that i can have access to medical health and medical difficulties .
and their pupils dilate , they would fall asleep , and they would look at the tablecloth , and they go and tell their stories .
and so on , this is actually one of my favorite projects .
now , i don &apos;t remember the fact that there was a couple of men who had been dumped by the fisherman criminals , the engine , and the engine would save the hour .
so if you go back for about 25 billion years , the earth is going to have a big bang , and that &apos;s cool .
the person is a real opportunity .
sometimes she &apos;s learning english , it &apos;s got a  UNK  .
and the team came to the world to come up with the technology to move the motor motor vehicles , and you can tell it , because it contains artificial intelligence , or you have a motor finger .
i tried to read and explain how they work .
the only challenge was 15 to her .
it can happen in a single organism that lives in a single organism , and then in this particular format that has evolved to be sequenced , and we &apos;ve evolved to learn how to treat its eggs .
and many people forget that .
we &apos;re going to be brought to the entire national academy .
thank you .
and i did .
it shouldn &apos;t be here .
i got everything .
and he joins hundreds of thousands of creatures .
now , if you have a device to the rna rna , or dna biopsies , it can &apos;t recognize , but it &apos;s going to call the disease for the first time for the disease .
our average age was 28 years , so i was enraptured , and i was pretty much older than most of them .
so i gave him a prescription for the penicillin .
server : the  UNK  , the community
i was shocked by surprise .
because it seems to be very , very , very , very short when we &apos;re in
why do we use the curve curve ?
start with a personal doctor .
and finally , i decided that i would like to do that .
we want to reduce the population .
so let me share with you a story , and this story is really exciting .
if the technology of the technology , the speed of the technology , the speed of the technology , the , me , , a a , and a half
he was my grandfather .
i went to pompeii , and i saw my colony was  UNK  , and they said they were adults , adults , as adults , as adults .
now , if i &apos;m now , i mean , for example , another technology , like  UNK  , on the vertical axis , it looks like the  UNK  line .
and that &apos;s what we have to do for the next 50 years .
they live in a world where information is connected to the information that has never occurred .
and it &apos;s essential to me .
now i &apos;m a optimist , so i think it &apos;s going to be like this .
today , i &apos;m going to talk about some unexpected discoveries .
and if you look at distributions , these patterns , we begin to understand how they form them .
california is one of the $ seven billion dollars for a $ 20 million dollars a month , and it doesn &apos;t normally work .
i &apos;m sad .
so now , evolution can occur in a subtle period of time .
and you know what they call them a year .
so anyone can tell you how it works .
over the next few weeks , i was very depressed in the last few weeks , and the first time that i was suffering from the field of medicine in medicine , and i was feeling lonely helpless , because it wasn &apos;t that health , because you can &apos;t talk about it with your colleagues .
in other words , they &apos;ve come up with the evolution of this kind of way that they represent the genetic information that allows them to replicate .
i can &apos;t personally believe in the era of the era that we can play , so i decided to change it .
but what i &apos;m doing here is that code that i &apos;ve taken this code , and i put it in a code , and we put it on the standard letters , and then i put my card on the back burner , and then add 10 to 10 times .
and then i did a mock note : if i had to perfect perfection , no longer , no matter how to calm down the listener .
i call it a billion people worldwide .
here we have energy ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
and mr. fischer was still ; he didn &apos;t know where he was .
they didn &apos;t give up government .
after i asked her to go back to a one-hour hour , she moved her on the ground , and her family broke her back to the emergency room , and she brought her back to the emergency room , and she had a bad clot , and she would have severe headaches .
i believe we need more people to give people a lot more people than we don &apos;t have .
but it helped me so much .
how can we get that ?
there &apos;s always an idea of ideas and ideas .
UNK   UNK  .
for minutes minutes , to talk about 10 minutes , i &apos;m telling the story about four women and women , with the amazing power of the  UNK  and her mother , and her grandmother &apos;s grandmother , and five days later on the backs of her lungs , five days later on the backs of the last four days , and she sat in the last 30 years , and there &apos;s a little over the next four days , and that little girl who are living in san francisco today .
i &apos;m sure that this society needs to be more intensive .
sometimes it &apos;s different .
the next step , like a , , as long as decades .
so when they face their governments , they don &apos;t care about their opinions .
the most important point that i think is that we don &apos;t have the hearing .
when i met a woman named mrs. lady , she was very faint .
i gave her back to her house .
privacy is incomplete .
we have online criminals .
and the store of the store comes from another .
green is the output , the blue dot is the source , the orange is the input , the orange is the  UNK  .
great , terrific , brilliant players .
solar technology is ...
you don &apos;t need a engineer to build a beautiful house , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
some of you might think this is just one part of the  UNK  parts .
what citizens do with resources .
it has to be possible to be able to withstand the destruction of life , which is called  UNK  .
eight years ago , when i was working at the media lab , i began to think about how the power of the engineers would be the artists and designers .
and it &apos;s going to send it money to the marketing and marketing .
here , we have a high heels from mr. teszler .
and so together , they die , or die , which means that if the community has been fulfilled , all of the community in the community can replicate more and more .
and then finally , he said , &quot; well , you can open your door and open your door , and then it &apos;s going to go back and forth loudly and see what happens to happen ? &quot;
and that &apos;s getting worse .
and there &apos;s a cure for the treatment , or other people who are interested to pay attention to help .
do you remember when you hear about yourself once again ?
it &apos;s just last fall last night , because they &apos;re sentenced to the invasion .
her breathing is sweet ,  UNK  .
as a woman came into the emergency room hospital in toronto , i was a priest in the village .
now , again , the data is still underestimated , because we don &apos;t have to think about it .
and all of us today or most of us , using any kind of  UNK  or unskilled , and these services are based on foreign countries , like iran , for example , for example , for example , for example , for example , in the state of mexico , for example , where they &apos;re talking about the service providers , because they know that these are more expensive service than the local service providers , so they don &apos;t want to talk about them .
at the same time , in execution , to the death penalty , it was unacceptable to us .
we see it on a mobile phone .
the two two groups of each of them gave them the case for these two groups .
i was just a little company in which i was just trying to try and trying to make sense of what we did in nature .
and then he looked at that moment for me , and i asked , &quot; oh , you don &apos;t want to think about your grandmother . &quot;
i &apos;m really sorry . i want to end with a story .
what &apos;s the hallucination ?
last year , we had a team of three people who took two of them .
but every time i thought i was going to be shocked by accident .
we &apos;re taking the same amount of cells that we see through the same period -- we extract record , showing us how to deal with .
look at the curves .
think of it . in an area in the middle of kenya , there is a mobile phone for 25 years .
the point is .
we are now able to do with computers that we can actually do with faster procedures faster .
people were running around , because everyone was angry .
and even when i finished my career , i realized that i couldn &apos;t speak the law career .
it wasn &apos;t a way in a very scientific way -- she had a coffee cup or tea on the table , or her family , families , families , families .
UNK  .
because it &apos;s exactly what we really mean when we really actually start to understand what we &apos;re looking for .
and then , as soon as they measured their hand , they send the data out of their blood , and they send it to their doctor , and they also have to share that sharing a thousand dollars .
it can work for the government services to help people , but a neighbor has a lot easier to service and regulations .
a few years ago , i started an opportunity to make a great deal of the technology and the artists that were supposed to represent every aspect of the food that they were passionate about .
so i went up to the morning every day in the morning every day , and people started to talk to me and said , &quot; i guess you &apos;re lunch now . &quot;
you &apos;ve got the green apartment , and you &apos;ve got a lights .
in the course of the night , they were stunned with this fact .
there &apos;s no reason for men , no trousers , anger , caffeine , just like two .
&quot; she goes back . &quot; she &apos;s used .
and she said , &quot; what are you doing here ? &quot;
we don &apos;t have government ; we need it more efficient .
this is a little more technical program .
because this is what &apos;s called &quot;  UNK   UNK  . &quot;
this is all going to happen to me .
they can also , if they attack a foreign officer .
this is a great example of the government .
and then you agree that it will come in .
and one day -- this is actually a real press -- this information has been hacked : &quot; the smell has a freak . it &apos;s dead .
it was born in  UNK  , a very large suburban sprawl .
and if you think this is an amazing version , it &apos;s more difficult to think about this video , and it takes two million people .
well , if you &apos;re  UNK  , you &apos;re obviously  UNK  .
scott was a  UNK  survivor .
okay .
so for example , take a beam of a  UNK  or a half a minute , you just need to be able to move it into a pulse .
billions of transistors .
ah , wait a minute .
and the amazing thing is that the way it seems that it can happen until it &apos;s 25 years ago .
i had an answer , and i was a little kid , a black child .
and she said that three words : remember ?
it &apos;s a very important medical research .
we need to find a way to face the challenges with these challenges .
and the blue line .
don &apos;t .
this kind of thing has been taught .
we have a lot of cells , and they are no longer for ourselves .
to groom their lives ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  brain , don &apos;t any , no matter any of it .
i don &apos;t have anything . &quot;
but there &apos;s a major difference : the experts can get a transistor .
it &apos;s a privilege to be here .
and because the energy of energy , from the most fundamental aspect of our people , how we see it going to affect it .
when i was asked to graduate students , i was picked by the australian australian woman .
it &apos;s a famous picture of a famous picture called the name of the name ?
as humans , we are too good at overcoming the crises , but we &apos;ll get rid of them .
we &apos;re going to launch this program to the world .
if we were cleverly , my sister , my mother , my mother and grandmother .
you can do it .
so , brian , you gave me a moment .
last month , mit posted a study reports that showed up in 1983 in the area of the united states , 60,000 solar energy in the united states , 60,000 solar energy per person in the united states , six billion dollars a day , seven cents a day .
this year &apos;s been downloaded 1,000 times .
it won &apos;t because we have a huge challenges facing our challenges .
failure is easy .
she went to a computer store , learning a lot more , and it &apos;s going to be a
so the error is .
this year , for the first time in history , solar power can reduce the cost of fossil fuels for the amount of fossil fuels .
and that &apos;s not the kind of old identity of the media media , but it &apos;s not just the media of the media , but it &apos;s going to be the
in  UNK  , they chose to leave her to the audience --  UNK  lady , a family wife , mother and grandmother .
that was great .
a lot of people understand that , but they still think the political opinions are government accountable .
and we &apos;ve dug the kidney , but it turns out , the results are normal , and my colleagues at the time that i &apos;ve been working on patients with the patient &apos;s patient .
i don &apos;t know how to understand the information that we can understand .
i know she &apos;s goodbye .
the death penalty is amazing .
UNK  tan le barn , is now refugees in the country , and now , as a society , has been invited to talk about a place that never heard of existence .
how would you say that ?
so what happened ?
i still felt lonely , shame .
i danced out of my closet , very nervous .
he reminded me that my self is that my self that reminds me that every one of us should be interested in society , which is better for society .
venture capital and venture capital .
and there will be a little coupling connected to the smartphone or another device .
but on the other hand , it can also bring together into groups like this .
and i &apos;m sitting at this , basically , like ,  UNK  , which is building a similar kind of chaos , and it &apos;s kind of like a similar idea .
in there , they create a good operating system and working with the fbi .
and i said , &quot; we want to talk about injustice .
because evolution has changed .
let me tell you .
what do they want ?
now the thing is , you know , when you beat the promise of the apple ii , you &apos;ve given the most secret secret to say that your friends are going to die , and while you &apos;re hearing about it , although you &apos;ll be able to hear it , but the end of the day will still be the same mistake .
and then in an hour of hardship , when i see a  UNK  lunar sun , i think it might be better if i see it again .
take the lights .
but ultimately , it comes to us , and we understand how we understand the world and how to understand the space .
i &apos;ve spent more and more knowledge .
we can make the world do something that they can &apos;t do anything .
they gave her medicines medication .
and of course , randomly random instructions , very cheaply , so they don &apos;t have one of them .
the population on the planet population over 70 billion .
because i slept on my head , i don &apos;t know how to do a deed .
light , sound , solar panels ,  UNK  -- everything should be  UNK  .
because we live in a solar system .
it &apos;s caused by the abuse of drug abuse .
we want to encourage a group of makers , inventors and inventors , because the world we live in this world .
it &apos;s based on our priorities .
her family had joined together .
i want you to notice that two curves are .
ok , thank you very much .
but no one has to be missed .
in fact , we know that the engineering process is not really good work .
these are these magnets associated with color .
the power of a power drill in , and the voice voice is saying , &quot; i want to change you . &quot;
it can take any water from any water -- water , water pollution , pollution --  UNK  eggs -- selling clean drinking eggs .
and this is just a little four-bar .
so this graph shows that video that this video is just beginning to happen .
i was troubled .
they are a group of citizen citizens , who wrote a very detailed ,  UNK  report that the fda &apos;s responsive to the nih against financial reforms .
and i &apos;m going to go back to her , but she was serious .
in 2010 , we &apos;ve got closer to two billion people .
this is the message of service and information .
so the neuron is built by these cells .
and i began to understand that we all believe that every single one of us is not the worst side of our worst .
we have to participate in government .
one of the people who stood in the hawaiian tower , and they realized that it wasn &apos;t going to end up with the snow , and it allowed to make citizen people vouchers .
i &apos;ve been fascinated by these kids , and they &apos;ve been hacked .
in 1902 , in &apos; 96 , the lego led to this .
or it &apos;s colored , and it &apos;s colored color , but it &apos;s all about sensuality .
for example , what &apos;s going to be done , or why why dieting keeps bothering all the time , or whatever the answer is .
so i was in a small one from the top of toronto , from a small one of the nurses in the back of the stadium , was done by me .
and the second thing that i made was wrong .
they just need a  UNK  .
the video needs a time .
so this is the typical example of the government .
it will be wrong with you , and you &apos;re wrong , it &apos;s not the bad guys .
and the point is that there is a or a group of people with 3g 3g , watching them to share their ideas .
and in my view , a lot of times was completely transformed our world .
this is not about perpetuating the moral compass for me to make sense .
we talked about this phrase as well as we speak .
about 15 minutes later , she was going to stand up , and she walked up and down the room clutching me up to me and said , &quot; come on , we &apos;re going to talk about it . &quot;
i mean , this is very humbling .
and it &apos;s not maximizing .
maybe we can skip -- -- i &apos;m going to be
the biggest threat is piracy , rape and death .
the point is that the media is telling us the negative information , because our brains are very interested in .
UNK  is not an easy game .
again , just like language , etc .
she &apos;s coming back .
in the context of the popular culture , we all have autonomy .
so for four years of  UNK  , the grand story of eden was a sea , and out of nowhere .
UNK   UNK  : oh my god , oh my god . oh my god .
we had no idea about people everywhere .
these guys represent a billion dollars of billion-dollar billion people going to launch globally global gridlock .
but finally , these good reality is being bullied ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , human rights .
in fact , in the community , you start with experts on the structure of the structure and the structure of the structure , and understanding the information .
but the western government also did .
so i want to talk about the importance .
for example , germany , in germany , was discovered a couple of weeks ago called  UNK   UNK  .
it &apos;s a  UNK  .
the state of this country is going to tell you if you &apos;re a poor person rather than the poor person .
some of you may have heard of this program .
so i wanted to do something very special , because when you get to the next level , it &apos;s going to happen .
well , it &apos;s just a different reality .
it &apos;s  UNK   UNK  , and many tribes .
it &apos;s a story .
so the next week , the next thing is .
however , we don &apos;t talk about the problem .
there are only two people in this system -- what &apos;s wrong about the wrong thing can be wrong , it can make sense of  UNK  and inequality and the good results .
when i was there , they listened to me and told me that she had asked me and she asked me , &quot; well , brian and i &apos;d tell you about equality .
secondly , two pictures is connected to the same light .
we now know that the nine cities are going to use it .
and she &apos;s got the ability to express her .
we tell stories stories , and she promised us to stay with her .
and when i had a helmet , it had a hole in a mirror .
i don &apos;t learn how to do a lawyer or a other project .
but what happened in that day ?
they &apos;re going to send them out of the third world , but they send them to the city .
in a lot of communities , people are afraid to be convicted .
we built a website to tell people , &quot; if you look at an automatic ball , if you look at an appliance matrix , it &apos;s going to open up , and because it &apos;s not just 24 hours .
but now the web video is that it allows us to think about what we want to do what we want to do , and then life is part of the culture .
how do i teach them , make them calm down the loop ?
the  UNK  laser beam , in here , and now you create a little  UNK  .
rebecca newberger : &quot; a friday , &quot; one of the tours of the  UNK  .
all of these principles are my urging believe that we should stay .
i &apos;m thinking , it &apos;s going to be  UNK  . it &apos;s painful .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in the court ? &quot;
you know , you know , you know , you know , if there &apos;s an accident , you &apos;ll have an accident that we don &apos;t have to do this without a halt .
recession , torture , empires , egypt .
and i think there &apos;s a cultural culture that has to be
but what do these things look like ?
it &apos;s an interesting aspect of the  UNK  .
in fact , their life is work .
the last days about the paper : &quot; it &apos;s a great deal . &quot;
this is  UNK   UNK  .
so let me go home , i ignored my tiny voice , and this voice is trying to tell me : &quot; no , no , no , no , no , it &apos;s not bad . don &apos;t do this . &quot;
i have to say , very , very .
i don &apos;t know how to use it .
and i looked at the timeline of the earth &apos;s life on earth .
the food energy , electricity , transportation , transportation costs , 10 times cheaper .
but we &apos;re still doing it .
so let &apos;s take a picture of what it looks like , is that we don &apos;t even want to think , but everyday lives in everyday life .
when i was a young lawyer , i was privileged to see goldie hawn .
you see , these images are not unique .
and i said , &quot; i want to listen . &quot;
and i knew that she knew she could provide more detailed information .
and my brother said , &quot; well , we don &apos;t know each one of them , but it &apos;s the birthplace of us .
wealth is not the outcome itself .
i don &apos;t even know how to treat bipolar disorders .
we teach students , and how technology can apply to the challenges facing the challenges facing humanity .
and yet , when i was interested in photography , i took my first walkman i was 15 , and i was 15 years old .
sometimes the spanish lady would send me back and ask me , &quot; the sunday lady came back .
they learn to make a secret sequence of cells to make species-specific cells called  UNK  .
and i think that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here .
they come from our wisdom and our beliefs .
we want to take every single one of these individual individual functions in a world that allows us to play .
so scott got this .
i think that &apos;s what we &apos;re thinking about .
this is  UNK  , and it  UNK  .
if they use a smartphone to google , they will get more knowledge than ever before .
these women are talking about issues .
and finally , i believe that it was very beautiful , very , very , very successful , very , very successful , but we can &apos;t be
UNK  6 :  UNK   UNK  :  UNK  seven .
what happened ?
so this fish comes out of the fish .
and that was the first time that i realized that it was .
but what their real purpose is to show you possibilities of technology .
this was a gift that gave me a hug .
oh , whoa !
this is the  UNK  watts .
i went out of the emergency room .
so there are a lot of people who are brutally completely separate by the government .
there was no  UNK  center .
and it turns out that he didn &apos;t have to sex .
they want to say their story , they want to share their stories .
for me , for me to spend time thinking about it , talking about the poor people who don &apos;t have the opportunity to come to ted .
it &apos;s produced by lego blocks for four billion dollars -- or 60 billion people .
and before we don &apos;t have any financial system , we don &apos;t think we can achieve that goal ?
this is a program that lets you come up with a  UNK  .
they would use cnc tools like  UNK  , using a little bit of a computer that &apos;s infected with a computer that allows them to take all of your communications , and keep your password .
but today , we &apos;ve got political political leaders , and there are times when we spend a vast majority of time with our careers , to support a new political leader -- and we want to do something that we need to do with values , but what &apos;s changed ?
the united states is the only way to live in countries .
and i love my mother , and i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to pray . i &apos;ll go . &quot;
and i believe it means that we have a crisis .
and what i want to tell you about is that we have the criminal justice system .
not impossible .
it &apos;s not the end of the children in the children .
because it &apos;s not really what you can actually do , but i want it to be like to be interrupted .
i &apos;m a student with a student .
underwater .
back in the &apos; 40s , her parents were  UNK  .
how many of you saw the ibm  UNK  in the  UNK  hominid ?
what do we need help ? &quot;
and they moved to her school because it had to stay in six years .
so we started to rely on computers to do with a different process .
it also shows the story of human variability , and it &apos;s still better than the best computers in the best computers .
today , there is  UNK  .
and the medical culture that she works with the whole system is governed by the operating system , and that &apos;s when they operate in a system .
and she said , &quot; i want you to get three things . &quot;
i &apos;ve given a brother-in-law in the hospital , and a ambulance guy named van  UNK  dedicates her home .
it doesn &apos;t have anything to do anything with the technology and perfection and our humanity together , and as long as long as we can see , we &apos;ve noticed that there &apos;s a lot of attention to the poverty , and so forth .
we need to enable technology to encourage the patients to the track .
in the city farmers &apos; hotel -- in los angeles , baltimore , baltimore county , baltimore county , washington -- 50 percent of young people in india , not in prison , not in prison .
it &apos;s two two decks .
my mother was a couple of minutes later .
i did a lot of fun .
and if we look at the online world with the online world , let &apos;s say hello .
it &apos;s a group of a smart group of  UNK  structures .
he &apos;s on the left .
my surgeon was not a car , and they wouldn &apos;t have time to describe their symptoms .
and it &apos;s not that decline in burkina faso .
and then , we were told that if we were able to program that if we were going to program at least two years , it would need to be at least two million dollars a year .
in order to win competition , this device is required to give you a diagnosis of a group of a group of legislators .
so the nervous system develops biomimicry , the exponential structure has accelerated evolutionary processes .
last year , sir roy chapman , and conan doyle , and he &apos;s uploaded to the video of his  UNK  park .
and each of these teachers have similar initiatives .
and we sat down , and she looked at me and said , &quot; i want you to know that i looked at you a little while . &quot;
and that &apos;s what t20 did for the nih for the nih .
you go crazy .
if you succeed , i &apos;m confident that it would be successful , coca-cola would be 100 percent in the world .
UNK  is relative , and technology is a force of resources .
so every time , we use copious amounts of information about our brains .
even though these two case , i don &apos;t let them go home , and i don &apos;t think that it &apos;s a bug and a
it can happen in learning .
soon  UNK  became the building of the most widely used in the world .
and if you understand the government of the government , you will know that it &apos;s not the common result .
it &apos;s called  UNK  .
so here &apos;s what we &apos;re doing , as we can see as an adult organism .
i think we moved to the united states .
when we tackle these problems with these intractable problems , we still have a lot to pay attention to those kinds of positive sites .
though , though , despite outstanding  UNK  , occasional  UNK  , the graffiti said , &quot; asia , go home . &quot;
and i &apos;m not robots robotics .
and the next poem is a story about two women in life .
there &apos;s an interesting part of life in the next phase of life .
it &apos;s a little billy possum . &quot;
and then my chest ached like  UNK  , because when they tacked her in her case , she would send her back to the clinic , and i hope she could have vanished .
nothing .
there are now a huge group of prototypes that allows us to make more efficient tools .
let &apos;s start with the theme , let &apos;s talk about baseball .
there was a technology that was preparing for a while , in the next 10 years , not the next 10 years , the next 20 years .
some bacteria know how to get away from penicillin , and it creates it , and then it creates it to the  UNK  , and in other bacteria , we have a lot of bacteria accumulating in the bacteria , because of bacteria have access to bacteria .
but if there &apos;s something like this .
i was in the clinic , and so i was
people are worried about the bomb attacks .
now , the number of black men who have lost 30 percent .
our survival and survival is survival .
three times three times a day .
what else can we do with you ?
think about that amazing invention .
and two days later , i went down to the emergency room , and i was asked to talk to her talk about my office .
let me give you a quick example .
we actually have a couple of examples that we &apos;re based on youtube ,  UNK  , with an online attack .
and it turns out , because it &apos;s an amazing statement , because he says , &quot; you know , you know , you &apos;re going to know what you &apos;re doing . &quot;
friends of friends are friends .
let me tell you a little bit .
i think this is supposed to change .
and i want to talk about hackers who are not guilty .
this time , one neighbor .
that &apos;s because governments are like a giant ocean , and the political is just the top top of the top .
now , if i have these kinds of experiments , i &apos;ll see how they work .
so if someone needs millions of my cards , i have enough money to give everyone in this room , maybe even everyone around the world .
he &apos;s called the &quot;  UNK  order . &quot;
the next step is to develop the api .
and one night i was exhausted , and so i said , oh my god , if the judge tells you one of the judges , there &apos;s always magic .
and i said , &quot; computer , please get 10 percent of the 10 best matches in the sequence .
it &apos;s got heavier .
every morning i wake up .
and in the western west we don &apos;t understand how to do this , it &apos;s going to be
they will monitor your communications .
or maybe we &apos;re all biased ?
and i &apos;ll go back to just .
it might sound odd , and i &apos;m a  UNK   UNK  .
now , you think , you know , a doctor , or spouse , or spouse , a trained technician , a  UNK  surgeon ?
and there &apos;s nothing more important than that , and all the input elements on the temporal lobes is the temporal lobe of the temporal lobes .
so here we have all that completely predictive , and we can actually find them in a three-dimensional three-dimensional world .
but what &apos;s happening is that every individual discoveries , of course , the secret .
i just wanted to give you a platform for people to help each other .
okay , let &apos;s look at it .
some people did it destroyed it .
these five patients have done surgery and recovery .
and you can go to slides .
the phone , the computer , the computer , the  UNK  , all of these things , our , our , our ,
we work in a daily basis for every day in hospitals every day , and there are seven times more likely to go to the wrong or the wrong line , and in the hospital are diagnosed with severe injuries and death .
and then finally , let me tell me my grandmother .
so when i go to a dancer when i go to the street , it &apos;s really hard to see me , i have time with me .
so , actually , what we &apos;ve done is we &apos;ve got us , human beings .
in the end of the season , the world is faster , and world premier baseball game starts .
so there &apos;s some little things that really matter inside of it .
on this graph of moore &apos;s law , it &apos;s a series of technology , all the technology .
imagine that a group of students can affect the billions of lives .
he drank a beer beer , and she handed me her , and she drank her , and she grabbed me .
in fact , any organism had exactly the same letters and error .
it &apos;s a prosthetic flower , it &apos;s very  UNK  .
yeah , brian has been magic .
what we did was we put in evolution in a machine process , and this process would happen .
and we can &apos;t get rid of this problem .
&quot; sir , did you write it ? &quot;
we &apos;re like an amoeba . it &apos;s what we &apos;re creating . &quot;
they begin to build very specific structures based on the ground .
i was interested in this .
do you remember that in 1990 , the higgs field is going to be able to fly around saturn .
some of you may know that i have a laminated fan on twitter .
because the real work is happening .
i looked at the news headlines , and i found it best .
and then at the end of the day , i went out of the hospital , and i left bellevue hospital , and i had my car , and i made my car , i did something that i didn &apos;t normally do .
i grew up in the countryside , and i had my brother and i had a two-year-old sister who was a little boy .
and when you take the camera pictures , when you reach the next door , the whole process is over .
we developed a  UNK  app .
once again .
