i gathered around me a small team of people for whom the label &quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was an irresistible challenge .
privacy is not up for discussion .
so after a four-year saga that defies fiction , a boat slipped out to sea disguised as a fishing vessel .
jimmy  UNK  actually .
we worked well into each night .
and we &apos;ve had some fantastic presentations .
this is my wifi scale . it &apos;s a very simple thing .
we &apos;re looking at some very interesting developments in our work .
i wanted to retreat to the routines and comfort of life in an  UNK  suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending each day as they had for almost 20 years , telling one another the story of their day and falling asleep , the three of us still in the same bed .
now if i graph , for instance , some other technology , say transportation technology , on a  UNK  curve , it would look very stupid , it would look like a flat line .
and whenever you are in a city like  UNK  and somebody collapses , you can use your iphone , and within the next weeks also run your microsoft cellphone , to find the nearest  UNK  which can save lives .
this is the work of the very smart people at the office of new urban mechanics in boston .
but what &apos;s important is that an individual or a group of  UNK  took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience , accelerating the process .
you have to see the enormous challenges that they &apos;re going to face .
you should ask for some of that .
we have online criminals .
and it all connects us together into something that is much bigger and much faster and able to evolve than what we were before .
because all of these technologies are feeding back on themselves .
&quot; well she &apos;s back , &quot; in just that tone of voice .
so every morning i hop on my wifi scale and before i &apos;m in my car , people start talking to me , &quot; i think you need a light lunch today ,  UNK  . &quot;
and i remember this just like it happened yesterday .
but when something like this happens , things are qualitatively changing .
so now , evolution can take place on a scale of microseconds .
why should i worry ?
it came out of the university of washington in seattle .
in the united states , the institute of medicine pegged it at 100,000 .
and there &apos;s nothing  UNK  in the history of technology development of this kind of  UNK  growth where you go by orders of magnitude every few years .
and then , so if you can just turn on the slide that &apos;s on .
we can &apos;t do without government , but we do need it to be more effective .
if there is a  UNK  in our family , it runs through the women .
one of two things is going to happen .
two years later i was an attending in the emergency department at a community hospital just north of toronto , and i saw a 25 year-old man with a sore throat .
and we in the west couldn &apos;t understand how anybody could do this , how much this would restrict freedom of speech .
so literally , imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , 25 percent of the disease burden and 1.3 percent of the health care workers .
because being an insider can so easily mean collapsing the horizons , can so easily mean accepting the  UNK  of your province .
we think about energy scarcity .
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well when it gets complicated .
who could have predicted &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black or &quot;  UNK  cat ? &quot;
my hunches again .
life hadn &apos;t changed for centuries .
he had a potentially life-threatening condition called  UNK  .
somehow by ways that we don &apos;t quite understand , these little drops learned to write down information .
he doesn &apos;t really come up with anything . he starts with animal control .
and the next steps , like nervous systems and brains , took a few hundred million years .
and so we have three strikes laws that put people in prison forever for stealing a bicycle , for low-level property crimes , rather than making them give those resources back to the people who they  UNK  .
and this has spread just  UNK  , organically , naturally .
we have life imprisonment without parole for kids in this country .
we have lots of cells that are not out for themselves anymore .
and here &apos;s the thing .
eight years ago when i was at the media lab , i started exploring this idea of how to put the power of engineers in the hands of artists and designers .
some of my  UNK  have been in the last five years .
i gave her aspirin . i gave her medications to relieve the strain on her heart .
and those were the most primitive forms of cells in a sense , those little drops of oil .
but what about this day , this one particular friday ?
now i would like to have my own children , and i wonder about the boat .
&quot; it can &apos;t be done &quot; was shown to be wrong .
but i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that i &apos;ve never had a drop of alcohol .
UNK   UNK  , the great czech leader , talked about this .
so , if you could bring up the lights .
in aviation , we would never let people fly on airplanes if for every nine planes that took off one would crash .
what scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it ?
so now we &apos;ve  UNK  up the time scales once again .
ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous confidence in the future is the fact that we are now more empowered as individuals to take on the grand challenges of this planet .
tan le , anonymous  UNK  resident , was now tan le , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in venues she had never heard of and into homes whose existence she could never have imagined .
i said , &quot; well we &apos;re trying to challenge injustice .
they were there in february , and it snowed a lot in february last year .
so i signed the discharge papers , and an ambulance came ,  UNK  came to take her home .
we actually have several cases of millionaires online ,  UNK  , who made money with their attacks .
so to me it felt like photography was more about being at the right place and the right time .
it &apos;s just a quick video of what we do .
why did i go into medicine ?
and that caused these cells -- that kept them happy for another billion years .
and those applications let us use our hands to make our communities better .
and i &apos;d like to be able to say to you that my worst mistakes only happened in the first five years of practice as many of my colleagues say , which is total  UNK
perhaps the tremendous progress we &apos;ve made over the last century by a series of forces are , in fact , accelerating to a point that we have the potential in the next three decades to create a world of abundance .
and that was the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
and people started coming in because they were just outraged .
and it showed that , in fact , today , the human pattern recognition machinery is better at folding proteins than the best computers .
they &apos;re using their hands to write applications that make government work better .
others in medicine dread them as well , but there &apos;s something particular about emergency medicine because we see patients so  UNK  .
when i would see her as a little boy , she &apos;d come up to me and she &apos;d give me these hugs .
as you can see , these images aren &apos;t really special .
oh , my god !
so he did what any good developer would do , he wrote an app .
privacy is implied .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
because  UNK  like jimmy  UNK  introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience .
she was the beginning of a lot of arguments in our family .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- motivated by protests , motivated by an opinion , motivated by the laughs .
i ordered a kidney x-ray . when it turned out to be normal , my colleague who was doing a  UNK  of the patient noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons .
there is one project in the california court system right now that so far cost taxpayers two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
now for those of us who &apos;ve given up on government , it &apos;s time that we asked ourselves about the world that we want to leave for our children .
and i started working on this motion , and the head of the motion was : &quot; motion to try my poor , 14-year-old black male client like a privileged , white  UNK  corporate executive . &quot;
she &apos;s doing a lot better this year . she &apos;s on the comeback trail .
and maybe i &apos;ve been around long enough that i can afford to give away some of my false prestige to be able to do that .
and we know that it just doesn &apos;t make too much sense to think out 30 , 50 years because everything &apos;s going to be so different that a simple  UNK  of what we &apos;re doing just doesn &apos;t make any sense at all .
what do you do with certificates ?
16 terawatts of energy hits the earth &apos;s surface every 88 minutes .
yet , my interest in photography started as i got my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
the greatest fear was of pirates , rape and death .
we want to make every single interaction in the world into a  UNK  brick .
now i &apos;m an optimist , so i sort of think it &apos;s probably going to do something like that .
if i were to walk into a room filled with my  UNK  and ask for their support right now and start to tell what i &apos;ve just told you right now , i probably wouldn &apos;t get through two of those stories before they would start to get really uncomfortable , somebody would crack a joke , they &apos;d change the subject and we would move on .
this is happening to us today .
and nobody seems to be making a fuss about it .
i have stepped outside my comfort zone enough now to know that , yes , the world does fall apart , but not in the way that you fear .
it &apos;s about the nuance of human language .
she reminded me that i was now the same age she had been when we boarded the boat .
and they don &apos;t tell us much .
at 17 she became the second wife of a mandarin whose mother beat her .
he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , did you write this crazy motion ? &quot;
switch out the knob for a pulse module , which is here , and now you &apos;ve made a little  UNK  .
now truth of the matter is , nobody knows in all of medicine what a good surgeon or physician or  UNK  is supposed to bat .
i mean , that was epic .
because at that point , an individual -- learning could happen within the time span of a single organism , instead of over this evolutionary time span .
but there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to youtube every minute .
after only one trip .
and every time it divided , they got sort of unequal division of the chemicals within them .
and getting this idea during winter , i knew that i had several months to plan it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle basically .
how can i speak in 10 minutes about the bonds of women over three generations , about how the astonishing strength of those bonds took hold in the life of a four-year-old girl huddled with her young sister , her mother and her grandmother for five days and nights in a small boat in the china sea more than 30 years ago , bonds that took hold in the life of that small girl and never let go -- that small girl now living in san francisco and speaking to you today ?
but at the same time , we know it can &apos;t .
we asked around and nobody knew .
they say you never forget the names of those who die .
and this older black man stood up and he looked at that deputy and he looked at me and he said , &quot; i came into this  UNK  to tell this young man , keep your eyes on the prize , hold on . &quot;
it &apos;s the reason that the tip of the washington monument is made of aluminum .
politics is not changing ; government is changing .
tell me what you &apos;re trying to do . &quot;
and you saw  UNK  &apos;s little evolutionary example where he sort of did a little bit of evolution on the  UNK  program right before your eyes .
it was running into bankruptcy last fall because they were hacked into .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
and to win , it needs to be able to diagnose you better than a team of  UNK  doctors .
thank you .
and this is one of the main three sources of online problems today .
and then it happened again .
so when they &apos;re faced with the problem of government , they don &apos;t care as much about using their voices .
but somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem .
jimmy  UNK  posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become .
oh , my god .
it &apos;s called batting average .
think about it , that a masai warrior on a cellphone in the middle of kenya has better mobile  UNK  than president reagan did 25 years ago .
and so it all brings us to one big question ...
let me tell you about some of the pieces .
and i think what we &apos;ve learned is that , if you &apos;re a teacher your words can be meaningful , but if you &apos;re a compassionate teacher , they can be especially meaningful .
they put her on a ventilator .
so it &apos;s feeding back on itself .
and i think that there &apos;s theories that are beginning to understand about how it started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell a sort of simple story of it , which is that , at that time , there were little drops of oil floating around with all kinds of different recipes of chemicals in them .
&quot; do you remember that patient you sent home ? &quot;
i said , &quot; no , no , no . that &apos;s okay . you all go ahead . i &apos;m not going to have any beer . &quot;
in fact , they are programs that are much more efficient than programs i could have ever written by hand .
my good friend ray kurzweil showed that any tool that becomes an information technology jumps on this curve , on moore &apos;s law , and experiences price performance doubling every 12 to 24 months .
and she &apos;d say , &quot; well what are you going to do when you get here ? &quot;
the other one had a lot of diarrhea .
oh , my god . oh , my god .
she was the daughter of people who were actually enslaved .
he is a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been balanced on the single hope of his country &apos;s unity and freedom .
and as humans , we are far better at seeing the problems way in advance , but ultimately we knock them down .
i &apos;m here to share my photography .
now i will warn you that this kind of identity is a much more challenging identity than ones that don &apos;t pay attention to this .
now the next step that happened is within these communities .
somebody broke in and they hacked it thoroughly .
well i believe that our identity is at risk .
this is bjorn  UNK  .
and let me show you a simple example .
your skin cell is really useless without a heart cell , muscle cell , a brain cell and so on .
and mass incarceration , in my judgment , has fundamentally changed our world .
and at about the nine day mark , they let her go -- mrs.  UNK  , a wife , a mother and a grandmother .
and we would like to start this on a worldwide level .
and i was up too late one night and i starting thinking , well gosh , if the judge can turn you into something that you &apos;re not , the judge must have magic power .
but there &apos;s another way of thinking about where we are in our identity .
i personally don &apos;t accept this , that the building block of our time is reserved for experts , so i decided to change that .
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistake i did . &quot;
vicious cartels .  UNK  five :  UNK  cruise lines .
possibilities that would not have been allowed were  UNK  encouraged .
and then it went international .
1,000 , very good .
and this is exactly what happened with the case of  UNK  .
and so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively .
well you need a certificate if you have a website that has  UNK  ,  UNK  encrypted services , services like gmail .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for that .
and in fact , i know , i &apos;m very confident that they do the job because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job .
so what we do is we put inside the machine a process of evolution that takes place on the  UNK  time scale .
and the more  UNK  i spoke , the more i was asked to speak .
other than writing a check , what could we do ?
so that nervous system , the fact that they built these special information structures , tremendously sped up the whole process of evolution .
if they found a paper which had the wrong kind of thought , they could track down who created that thought .
it was busy , i was in a bit of a hurry .
so that &apos;s  UNK  movement has done .
i believe we need to do more to help people who are  UNK  by crime , not do less .
so this is a story of napoleon iii in the  UNK  .
now when i was a kid growing up , the future was kind of the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
and we &apos;re actually doing some litigation .
she had irreversible brain damage .
three things :  UNK  , communities of participation and  UNK  .
now suppose you live in a certain part of a certain remote place and you have a loved one who has blockages in two coronary arteries and your family doctor refers that loved one to a cardiologist who &apos;s batting 200 on  UNK  .
and because government ultimately derives its power from us -- remember &quot; we the people ? &quot; -- how we think about it is going to effect how that change happens .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i would ask that you reconsider , because things are changing .
and in a few short years , lego bricks took place in every household .
right now in alabama 34 percent of the black male population has permanently lost the right to vote .
because , of course , this is a photograph that you can &apos;t take with your camera .
at the time i was assigned to the cardiology service on a cardiology rotation .
i &apos;ve come to ted because i believe that many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
i couldn &apos;t bear it .
and my job was to stay awake until her nightmares came so i could wake her .
the transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled on top of each other to a world where everything was interactive .
but each time , they were gnawing at me , eating at me .
but so many over the years were helped .
my mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double shifts .
and i think our current punishment philosophy does nothing for no one .
now i think that the reason is because we all feel that something &apos;s happening there .
this is matthew anderson ,  UNK   UNK  and so on and so on .
instead of sending them off into the third world , we send them into the  UNK  of city hall .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
when a friend of mine told me that i needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle  UNK  in new york city , i admit i wasn &apos;t very interested .
&quot; a pale blue dot . &quot;
and we &apos;ve seen this in cellphones .
i didn &apos;t pick up the phone and do what i was supposed to do , which was call my attending and run the story by him so he would have a chance to see her for himself .
i think even if you kill someone , you &apos;re not just a killer .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in  UNK  and sat around her  UNK  .
so what happened on this day ?
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so able to take responsibility that i would do so and i would be able to take care of my attending &apos;s patients without even having to contact him .
in many ways , we &apos;ve been taught to think that the real question is , do people deserve to die for the crimes they &apos;ve committed ?
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , lego came up with this .
we &apos;ve also been taking  UNK  to design schools .
they will even use tools like state trojan to infect your computer with a trojan , which enables them to watch all your communication , to listen to your online discussions , to collect your passwords .
they sort of go like this .
her father died soon after she was born .
because it &apos;s in that  UNK  that we actually begin to understand truly profound things about who we are .
and two days later i came to do my next emergency shift , and that &apos;s when my chief asked to speak to me quietly in her office .
and for me , it becomes necessary to integrate the two .
so i spoke out on youth unemployment and education and the neglect of the marginalized and the disenfranchised .
add this buzzer for some extra punch and you &apos;ve created a noise machine .
and she just had this quality that you always wanted to be near her .
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
it &apos;s spreading virally .
and for me that means spending time thinking and talking about the poor , the disadvantaged , those who will never get to ted .
how could we help you ? &quot;
and it wasn &apos;t because of my attending ; he was a doll .
so neurons are the information processing apparatus that those communities of cells built up .
and we were kind of just out there doing the stuff we  UNK  did .
and these were the things she thought we needed to commit to .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
so one citizen helped another citizen , but government played a key role here .
what will they consume ? what will they desire ?
but it does require a lot of planning .
but today , it goes beyond that .
in the future , the majority of crime will be happening online .
huh . hang on a moment .
on my show , on &quot; white coat , black art , &quot; i made it a habit of saying , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; i would say to everybody from  UNK  to the chief of cardiac surgery , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; what about yours ? &quot; and i would point the microphone towards them .
and yeah , i even turned the house on top of the island red to make it look more swedish .
so there &apos;s an opportunity to change that .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t do things the same way each time .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in jails and prisons .
&quot; do you remember that patient you saw with the sore throat ? &quot;
it &apos;s been viewed nearly 50 million times this year .
and some of those drops of oil had a particular combination of chemicals in them which caused them to incorporate chemicals from the outside and grow the drops of oil .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
last month , i had the pleasure of announcing with  UNK  foundation something called the $ 10 million  UNK   UNK  x prize .
i said , &quot; yes , sir . i did . &quot; and we started arguing .
and my patients aren &apos;t cars ; they don &apos;t tell me their symptoms in the same way each time .
three times out of 10 .
but i carried on with my work .
and there &apos;s hundreds of them .
so let &apos;s project this analogy going forward .
no .
they come from the ideas in our mind that are also fueled by some conviction in our heart .
hey , why not ?
and i got into my car and i was feeling really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet that is bathed with 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
we work in a system where errors happen every day , where one in 10 medications are either the wrong medication given in hospital or at the wrong dosage , where hospital-acquired infections are getting more and more numerous , causing havoc and death .
but this has in it -- what i did is i took this code -- the code has standard letters that we use for  UNK  it -- and i wrote my business card onto a piece of dna and amplified it 10 to the 22 times .
and the best part about it is they snap together with magnets .
the united states is the only country in the world where we sentence 13-year-old children to die in prison .
so all the tools are out there , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
and it was my job , when the emergency staff called for a cardiology consult , to see that patient in  UNK  .
baseball is filled with some amazing statistics .
now how did he come to be looking for help in this very unique manner ?
and in fact , they began to get specialists in the community and special structures that were responsible for recording , understanding , learning information .
childhood mortality has come down a factor of 10 .
but i do remember the lights on the oil rig off the  UNK  coast and the young man who collapsed and died , the journey &apos;s end too much for him , and the first apple i tasted , given to me by the men on the rig .
make techniques that are easy to use and start with this to embrace patients in the team .
nobody knew where the nearest life-saving  UNK  was to be obtained right now .
this may sound strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of the concrete block .
and he had posted lots of nature videos in fact .
boston doesn &apos;t just have a call center .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be a  UNK  resident .
and these are the questions that we have to worry about for the next 50 years .
but what &apos;s important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie , geeky internet culture .
and people will be able , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , send it into their doctor and eventually share it with others , for instance , for over a hundred dollars .
i said , &quot; well , what are you talking about ? &quot;
no one has to  UNK  your idea .
but i think that there really is something coming along after us .
when one neighbor helps another , we strengthen our communities .
so we now know of nine cities that are planning to use this .
this country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
so the first rule is that photos combined should have the same perspective .
UNK  are electronic modules with each one specific function .
score them again .
all the adults knew the risks .
and these women would get together and just talk .
so those tended to live longer , get expressed more .
so i think the basics are quite simple .
that all of our survival is tied to the survival of everyone .
but we &apos;re taking something very complicated , turning it into sound , sequences of sounds , and producing something very complicated in your brain .
and to my horror , not only had i written it , but i had sent it to court .
we have to engage with the machinery of government .
a few weeks ago we took  UNK  to risd and gave them to some designers with no experience in engineering whatsoever -- just cardboard , wood and paper -- and told them &quot; make something . &quot;
and that &apos;s nothing .
the shores are from a different location .
but now web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world &apos;s culture .
so find the programs that come closest to sorting numbers .
do you remember when carl sagan turned the voyager spacecraft back towards the earth , in 1990 after it just passed saturn ?
and i mention that because i think identity is really important .
now that takes some doing , especially when you work in a hospital that at the time saw but 14 people a night .
there &apos;s a guy in the i.t. department of the city of honolulu who saw this app and realized that he could use it , not for snow , but to get citizens to adopt tsunami sirens .
but thinking about them in a way that is integrated in our own lives .
something  UNK  inside me .
and she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot;
so what we did , we crowdsourced the netherlands .
the cost of solar dropped 50 percent last year .
so an app that takes a couple of days to write and then spreads virally , that &apos;s sort of a shot across the bow to the institution of government .
we &apos;re right at that point of transition .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that errors are absolutely ubiquitous .
and even though i finished my degree , i realized i could not settle into a career in law .
and that &apos;s that when you strip away all your feelings about politics and the line at the dmv and all those other things that we &apos;re really mad about , government is , at its core , in the words of tim o  UNK  , &quot; what we do together that we can &apos;t do alone . &quot;
but if i could give it and still see them safely through , i would .
but perhaps that &apos;s not the case .
in poor communities , in communities of color there is this despair , there is this hopelessness , that is being shaped by these outcomes .
but one of them , by luck , may put two numbers in the right order .
well i went into the  UNK  .
make it impossible to say how the image actually was composed .
well in egypt , the  UNK  looted the headquarters of the egyptian secret police in april 2011 , and when they were looting the building they found lots of papers .
i don &apos;t know what every transistor in the connection machine does .
my brother said , &quot; come on . we &apos;re doing this today ; you always do what we do .
all of napoleon &apos;s troops were fed with silver  UNK  , napoleon himself with gold  UNK  .
and i put my challenge on 95  UNK  .
say , &quot; please repeat that process . &quot;
but now those drops of oil weren &apos;t really alive , as we say it now , because every one of them was a little random recipe of chemicals .
but it has an unexpected twist .
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t come clean and talk about my mistakes , if i can &apos;t find the  UNK  voice that tells me what really happened , how can i share it with my colleagues ?
and yet , we don &apos;t quite understand the options of it .
that could happen within the lifetime of a single organism , whereas before they &apos;d built these special information processing structures , that would have had to be learned evolutionarily over hundreds of thousands of years by the individuals dying off that ate that kind of fruit .
so these communities began to evolve so that the interesting level on which evolution was taking place was no longer a cell , but a community which we call an organism .
you can go on the website , download all the design files , make them yourself .
and now let &apos;s reproduce the ones that sorted numbers the best .
but combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , like it could exist .
a kind of astonishing error rate -- one out of nine people innocent .
and i went through the same period of shame and  UNK  and felt  UNK  and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have plenty for everyone in the room , and , in fact , everyone in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
and sometimes when i would go and spend time with her , it would be difficult to get her time and attention .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
an entire remix community  UNK  up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of .
and if we have abundant energy , we also have abundant water .
and despite that , it retains a level of realism .
well  UNK  picked it up , a lot of blogs starting writing about .
so he &apos;s getting citizens to check on them .
and it worked for a while , until i met mrs.  UNK  .
and yes , i &apos;ve got a challenge , as you might see .
and in fact , if i knew and my colleagues knew that one of my orthopedic colleagues took off the wrong leg in my hospital , believe me , i &apos;d have trouble making eye contact with that person .
and i thought about it and i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
one might think that this is just an image of a landscape and the lower part is what &apos;s manipulated .
you know ultimately , we all have to believe things we haven &apos;t seen .
perhaps instead , it &apos;s the  UNK  brought to us of what &apos;s really going on .
even cats were watching this video .
steve pinker has showed us that , in fact , we &apos;re living during the most peaceful time ever in human history .
how can i teach them about what i did so that they don &apos;t do the same thing ?
we have the passion of the diy innovator .
over the last hundred years , the average human lifespan has more than doubled , average per capita income adjusted for inflation around the world has tripled .
goodnight sweet opossum . &quot;
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
it is about taking that which was scarce and making it abundant .
now we all , or a big part of us , use gmail or one of their competitors , but these services are especially popular in totalitarian states like iran , where dissidents use foreign services like gmail because they know they are more trustworthy than the local services and they are encrypted over  UNK  connections , so the local government can &apos;t  UNK  on their discussions .
and he did and when he noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant , called the surgeons .
better than that , the things that you and i spent tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars for -- gps , hd video and still images , libraries of books and music , medical diagnostic technology -- are now literally  UNK  and  UNK  into your cellphone .
so you can &apos;t put them the wrong way .
and the only challenge was that she had 10 children .
and the room got very quiet , and this woman said , &quot; there &apos;s no way , with our history , we could ever engage in the systematic killing of human beings .
and so every drop was a little bit different .
i even knew the differential diagnosis in how to classify renal  UNK   UNK  .
and at first i thought we were playing a game .
i was taking a shower in a hotel room in sydney the moment she died 600 miles away in melbourne .
if you do , you get to name it , and he called the first one al .
and i love this : &quot; watson  UNK  human opponents . &quot;
what they need is a redefined medical culture .
thank you very much .
and i have to tell you , it was  UNK  .
and to report back to my attending .
it &apos;s not our problem .
so in other words , they worked out , in this mindless sort of evolutionary way , a form of writing that let them write down what they were , so that that way of writing it down could get copied .
i would like to talk to you about why many  UNK  projects fail .
and we want to make this material accessible to everyone .
and so what i &apos;m trying to ask , what i &apos;ve been asking myself , is what &apos;s this new way that the world is ?
well that orientation of the spirit is very much at the core of what i believe even ted communities have to be engaged in .
unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it .
and if you think that that is weird , you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been viewed four million times .
when was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure after failure after failure ?
so for example , in the most extreme cases , we can actually evolve a program by starting out with random sequences of instructions .
and the judge has certified him as an adult , but i see this kid .
UNK  is a certificate authority from the netherlands -- or actually , it was .
that &apos;s where the dramatic increases have come in our prison population .
and that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
how about a set of voices that have never been heard from before .
my state of alabama , like a number of states , actually permanently  UNK  you if you have a criminal conviction .
i spend most of my time in jails , in prisons , on death row .
the company headquarters are right here .
the other thing we would like to ask is of companies also all over the world that will be able to help us  UNK  these  UNK  .
some bacteria figured out how to stay away from penicillin , and it went around sort of creating its little dna information with other bacteria , and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
you see , even though aluminum is  UNK  percent of the earth by mass , it doesn &apos;t come as a pure metal .
and i think all of us here are a part of producing whatever that next thing is .
what does this mean ?
twice in one emergency shift , i missed  UNK  .
she said , &quot; that &apos;s my baby girl , and you have to promise me now you &apos;ll always take care of her . &quot;
and when these individuals went and looked at who was the best protein folder in the world , it wasn &apos;t an mit professor , it wasn &apos;t a caltech student , it was a person from england , from manchester , a woman who , during the day , was an executive assistant at a rehab clinic and , at night , was the world &apos;s best protein folder .
somehow this isn &apos;t working .
we live on a planet 70 percent covered by water .
but the thing is that it &apos;s made this simple that whenever i hop on , it sends my data through google health as well .
we had a team that worked on a project in boston last year that took three people about two and a half months .
and i say , &quot; computer , would you please now take the 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best job .
and if you look at the way that the chemicals got organized , we begin to get a pretty good idea of how they do it .
but that &apos;s the nicest thing that could happen , since this is peer pressure , peer pressure used to help patients -- since this could be used for obesity , it could be used to stop smoking in patients .
and i realized at the same time that it is okay to be an outsider , a recent arrival , new on the scene -- and not just okay , but something to be thankful for , perhaps a gift from the boat .
he invited over to dinner the king of  UNK  .
we all love baseball , don &apos;t we ?
&quot; because you have been holding it since this morning , &quot; he said .
i &apos;m human . i make mistakes .
in fact the recipe for us , our genes , is exactly that same code and that same way of writing .
given all of that , mistakes are inevitable .
and issue rogue certificates .
i was giving some lectures in germany about the death penalty .
what about arab spring and things that have been happening , for example , in egypt ?
in the other , i was  UNK  in lives that were precarious , tragically scarred by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
so one day -- this is an actual report -- this came in : &quot; opossum in my trashcan . can &apos;t tell if it &apos;s dead .
and he kept looking through the window , and he could hear all of this holler .
words , for so long his friends , now mocked him .
so the time scale that i would like to look at this on is the time scale of life on earth .
when i say realism , i mean  UNK  .
three billion new minds who have never been heard from before are connecting to the global conversation .
and every now and then ms.  UNK  would call me , and she &apos;d say , &quot;  UNK  , ms. parks is coming to town . we &apos;re going to get together and talk .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can capture really , but i always want it to look like it could have been captured somehow as a photograph .
and over the course of the next hour and a half or two , she started to feel better .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a few were brilliant , and we broke through .
and if you don &apos;t , someone can steal it from you .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with you ? have some beer . &quot;
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
so we talk about a 300 , a batter who bats 300 .
and they will get healthier by using the  UNK  , and they &apos;ll become better educated by using the khan academy , and by literally being able to use 3d printing and infinite computing &#91; become &#93; more productive than ever before .
we &apos;re trying to end life without parole sentences for children .
well i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him on his way .
and for example , the most sophisticated version that we &apos;re aware of is human language .
in both cases , they had their operations and they did okay .
because evolution could now happen within an individual .
and it &apos;s almost like an ideological reaction , like the antibodies begin to attack that person .
the amazing thing is that that way of writing seems to have stayed steady since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
i believe that for every person on the planet .
wealth , not  UNK  , shapes outcomes .
and in fact , we &apos;re such a  UNK  community .
and one time i was over there listening to these women talk , and after a couple of hours ms. parks turned to me and she said , &quot; now  UNK  , tell me what the equal justice initiative is .
they can express their opinion on any channel at any time , and they do .
and because nothing is more important to us than survival , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient sliver of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
death penalty in america is defined by error .
except they can if they hack into a foreign  UNK
well  UNK  is a  UNK
i felt like anyone could do that .
and i was shocked and shaken to the core .
i sent her home without speaking to my attending .
i &apos;m just talking about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
or photos like these -- both dark and colorful , but all with a common goal of retaining the level of realism .
and then we look at cases like what happened in  UNK  .
in fact , the drops that were different in a way that caused them to be better at incorporating chemicals around them , grew more and incorporated more chemicals and divided more .
someone made an old  UNK  version .
now we didn &apos;t write this app .
our system isn &apos;t just being shaped in these ways that seem to be distorting around race , they &apos;re also distorted by poverty .
so lunch is coming along , and i think i will stop at that point , before i get selected out .
i looked at his throat , it was a little bit pink .
he died broken by history .
but where would be the nearest  UNK  to help this patient ?
when this man saw me , he came over to me and he said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
what will these people want ?
and they noticed that the city never gets to digging out these fire hydrants .
so how do people die as the result of a hack like this ?
and yet , there is this disconnect .
the program is called code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a peace corps for geeks .
i began to feel a bit better .
cats were watching other cats watch this video .
and i had a client who was 14 years old , a young , poor black kid .
hi . i &apos;m kevin  UNK  , i &apos;m the trends manager at youtube , and i professionally watch youtube videos .
and one of the things we did i would like to share with you introduced by a little video .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .
one method that &apos;s particularly interesting that i &apos;ve been using a lot lately is evolution itself .
the process is feeding on itself and becoming , i guess ,  UNK  is the word for it -- when something reinforces its rate of change .
and of that , only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment .
and as of today , we would like to introduce this , not only as  UNK  , which is what the product is called , but also  UNK  .
and of course , we can never have the death penalty in germany . &quot;
but what happens with citizens connect is different .
but on the other hand , it also could be used to get people from out of their chairs and try to work together in some kind of gaming activity to get more control of their health .
they enabled us to to build things that were larger than us , buildings , bridges , one brick at a time .
either it &apos;s going to turn into a sort of classical  UNK  like this , until something totally different comes along , or maybe it &apos;s going to do this .
then finally she said , &quot; the third thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll never drink alcohol . &quot;
we love entertainment .
and yet , in this country , in the states of the old south , we execute people -- where you &apos;re 11 times more likely to get the death penalty if the victim is white than if the victim is black , 22 times more likely to get it if the defendant is black and the victim is white -- in the very states where there are buried in the ground the bodies of people who were  UNK  .
and yet , we have in this country this dynamic where we really don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
do you want to come over and listen ? &quot;
i will never forget it .
they tell me to say , &quot; no , tell them that we grew up with that . &quot;
when i thought about my grandmother , of course she would think all her grandkids were special .
and even as he was walking out the door , he was still sort of pointing to his throat .
and let &apos;s reproduce them by a process of  UNK  analogous to sex . &quot;
my cousins would be running around everywhere .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
my duty was not to allow it to have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that , yes , history tried to crush us , but we endured .
it &apos;s just taught me very simple things .
so an organism could , for instance , learn not to eat a certain kind of fruit because it tasted bad and it got sick last time it ate it .
it connected deeply with something in me about identity , about the capacity of every person to contribute to a community , to a perspective that is hopeful .
if we take a look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can group the attacks based on the attackers .
in fact , every living creature is written in exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
they &apos;re  UNK  to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
and we &apos;re not going to fix government until we fix citizenship .
there had to be another piece of the jigsaw .
so scott was speaking person-to-person .
and what we are is we &apos;re at a point in time which is analogous to when single-celled organisms were turning into  UNK  organisms .
i know this might be broadcast broadly .
we set up a website and asked the crowd , &quot; if you see an  UNK  , please submit it , tell us where it is , tell us when it &apos;s open , &quot; since sometimes in office hours sometimes it &apos;s closed , of course .
and these are not characteristics of old media , and they &apos;re barely true of the media of today , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
about 10 minutes later the judge said we would take a break .
now i &apos;m not saying we don &apos;t have our set of problems -- climate crisis , species extinction , water and energy shortage -- we surely do .
that &apos;s about all it can do .
i &apos;ve come to understand and to believe that each of us is more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
there are billions of them .
now that &apos;s sort of just a very simple chemical form of life , but when things got interesting was when these drops learned a trick about abstraction .
among those papers , was this binder entitled &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
now take the same patient with chest pain , make them moist and  UNK  and put a little bit of alcohol on their breath , and suddenly my history is  UNK  with contempt .
i sometimes push too hard .
i mean , how many of you saw the winning of jeopardy by ibm &apos;s watson ?
these people represent tens of trillions of dollars injected into the global economy .
and these two images both fulfill these two requirements -- shot at the same height and in the same type of light .
well i &apos;ve been trying to say something about our criminal justice system .
wooo !
who could ever wish it on their own ?
if you are a suspect in a criminal case , well it &apos;s pretty obvious , your phone will be tapped .
he &apos;s the dude on the left .
and part of the narrative of that is sometimes that it &apos;s about increased incarceration rates .
i &apos;m sitting here making grunting sounds basically , and hopefully constructing a similar messy , confused idea in your head that bears some analogy to it .
in many communities , people had to worry about being  UNK  .
then the next steps , like language and so on , took less than a million years .
these guys make money .
and i began giving her my rap .
because ultimately we are talking about a need to be more hopeful , more committed , more dedicated to the basic challenges of living in a complex world .
imagine the first piece : a man burning his life &apos;s work .
mr. jain himself is on the loose ; nobody knows where he is .
and these next steps , like electronics , seem to be taking only a few decades .
and she &apos;d squeeze me so tight i could barely breathe and then she &apos;d let me go .
30 years ago that would have sounded ludicrous .
when i think about creating abundance , it &apos;s not about creating a life of luxury for everybody on this planet ; it &apos;s about creating a life of possibility .
and they did .
i think if somebody takes something that doesn &apos;t belong to them , they &apos;re not just a thief .
meanwhile the exact same year , at bell labs the next revolution was about to be announced , the next building block .
imagine him as the communists enter  UNK  , confronting the fact that his life had been a complete waste .
we &apos;ve been giving  UNK  to kids and seeing them play with them .
and one of the things that &apos;s emerged in my short time here is that ted has an identity .
the wealthiest  UNK   UNK  of the last century , the  UNK  on this planet , could have never dreamed of such luxuries .
not in a very scientific way -- she puts up a little cup of coffee or cup of tea and asks patients , family , relatives , &quot; what &apos;s up ?
well the answer is , if i drew it on a normal curve where , let &apos;s say , this is years , this is time of some sort , and this is whatever measure of the technology that i &apos;m trying to graph , the graphs look sort of silly .
it would be  UNK  for us to , in an intentional and deliberate way , set about executing people . &quot;
if i had really been a  UNK  , i would have put it into a virus and released it in the room .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
and there are projects like this at every level of government .
so i can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution on that within the computer in a few minutes , or in the complicated cases , in a few hours .
and then seattle decided to use it to get citizens to clear out clogged storm drains .
so if transportation technology was moving along as fast as microprocessor technology , then the day after tomorrow , i would be able to get in a taxi cab and be in tokyo in 30 seconds .
so for example , the invention of language was a tiny step in that direction .
so in a sense , it &apos;s getting ahead of us .
that &apos;s somebody who hit , by the way , four times safely out of every 10 .
he is my grandfather .
but they do the job .
if we were captured , first my sister and i , then she and my grandmother would drink .
and similar to &quot; double rainbow , &quot; it seems to have just  UNK  up out of nowhere .
let me share and close with a story that really got me excited .
say , &quot; computer , would you please make a hundred million random sequences of instructions .
telephony , computers ,  UNK  , cd-roms and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we &apos;ve now built within our society for handling that information .
it was inconceivable to her that she would not succeed .
and you know that business about people not wanting to talk about their worst cases ?
so the question i have for all of you here : when it comes to the big , important things that we need to do together , all of us together , are we just going to be a crowd of voices , or are we also going to be a crowd of hands ?
the idea behind  UNK  is that it &apos;s a growing library .
in sending her home , i  UNK  a little voice deep down inside that was trying to tell me , &quot; goldman , not a good idea . don &apos;t do this . &quot;
but really what they &apos;re doing is they &apos;re showing what &apos;s possible with technology today .
and this is the point where patients get into position and can collect , not only their own control again , be captain of their own ship , but also can help us in health care due to the challenges that we face , like health care cost explosion , doubled demand and things like that .
that we cannot be full evolved human beings until we care about human rights and basic dignity .
somehow this isn &apos;t working out , is it ?
this is just a random slide that i picked out of my file .
i think we have to do something about a piece of the culture of medicine that has to change .
and i finally decided , oh gosh , i &apos;ve got to go to the court and do this crazy case .
it is a jigsaw puzzle still being put together .
and rather than having economic  UNK  , we &apos;re about to have the biggest economic injection ever .
and i went back to my work on the wards .
and many people forget this .
and being here at ted and seeing the stimulation , hearing it , has been very , very  UNK  to me .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
this happens to be a slide of some analysis that we were doing about the power of  UNK  microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
that our visions of technology and design and entertainment and creativity have to be married with visions of humanity , compassion and justice .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on everyone &apos;s humanity .
and this is an example of the ways that our own governments are using technology against us , the citizens .
now how many times have we elected a political leader -- and sometimes we spend a lot of energy getting a new political leader elected -- and then we sit back and we expect government to reflect our values and meet our needs , and then not that much changes ?
and those are the neural structures .
and i felt really good .
today i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
and i think that &apos;s the orientation that we have to change .
this is stephen watt .
now i design computers for a living , and i know that the mechanisms that i use to design computers would be impossible without recent advances in computers .
there was a gathering of resolve and a quiet voice saying , &quot; i will bypass you . &quot;
she said , &quot; the first thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always love your mom . &quot;
we have a hard time talking about race , and i believe it &apos;s because we are unwilling to commit ourselves to a process of truth and reconciliation .
and imagine if you would a.i. &apos; s like this on the cloud available to every person with a cellphone .
it &apos;s just really about combining different realities .
i ordered some fluids to  UNK  him and asked my colleague to reassess him .
we were poor .
when this device sequences an rna or dna virus that it doesn &apos;t recognize , it calls the cdc and prevents the pandemic from happening in the first place .
and after about 15 or 20 minutes of this , she got up and she came across the room and she took me by the hand and she said , &quot; come on ,  UNK  . you and i are going to have a talk . &quot;
i can remember that like it was yesterday .
and if you do a good job capturing the photos , the result can be quite beautiful and also quite realistic .
they use online attacks to make lots of money , and lots and lots of it .
turned trashcan on its side . walked home .
because we live on a water planet .
so i think this picture makes sense if you look at it a few billion years at a time .
and you make  UNK  and you never make that mistake again .
if you could bring up the lights higher , because i &apos;m just going to use a piece of paper here .
it &apos;s not our burden .
we &apos;ll just -- we can just skip -- i &apos;ll just skip through the video instead ...
and this game has been played by university professors and so forth .
yet i am afraid of privilege , of ease , of entitlement .
that could be shoveling out a hydrant , pulling a weed , turning over a garbage can with an opossum in it .
so what i would like to talk about is what that could be , what that transition could be that we &apos;re going through .
about an hour after she had arrived home , after i &apos;d sent her home , she collapsed and her family called 911 and the  UNK  brought her back to the emergency department where she had a blood pressure of 50 , which is in severe shock .
go home to where ?
my name is brian goldman .
the other way of thinking about it is not , do people deserve to die for the crimes they commit , but do we deserve to kill ?
do you know what they call a 400 baseball  UNK  ?
so by matching color , contrast and brightness in the borders between the different images , adding photographic defects like depth of field ,  UNK  colors and noise , we erase the borders between the different images and make it look like one single image , despite the fact that one image can contain hundreds of layers basically .
then it &apos;s about combining the different photographs .
recession . default . doomsday . egypt . syria .
now if i look at those programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
something really weird is going on here .
so we &apos;re going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters .
i was a resident at a teaching hospital here in toronto when mrs.  UNK  was brought to the emergency department of the hospital where i was working .
the bricks are color-coded .
so western governments are providing totalitarian governments with tools to do this against their own citizens .
if i were to walk into a room -- like right now , i have no idea what you think of me .
by 2020 , that &apos;s going from two billion to five billion internet users .
and that &apos;s a very sensible question .
so  UNK  is open-source .
but when combining photographs , this is really important to consider , because otherwise it just looks wrong somehow .
yes ,  UNK  percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight over a half a percent of the water on this planet , but here too there is hope .
any one of you could be famous on the internet by next saturday .
that &apos;s why the cellphone in your pocket is literally a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the &apos; 70s .
and i &apos;d say , &quot; yes , ma &apos;am , i do . &quot;
for every nine people who have been executed , we &apos;ve actually identified one innocent person who &apos;s been  UNK  and released from death row .
that means hit the ball into the  UNK  , it dropped , it didn &apos;t get caught , and whoever tried to throw it to first base didn &apos;t get there in time and the runner was safe .
because i usually take the role of trying to explain to people how wonderful the new technologies that are coming along are going to be , and i thought that , since i was among friends here , i would tell you what i really think and try to look back and try to understand what is really going on here with these amazing jumps in technology that seem so fast that we can barely keep on top of it .
and finally , this older black man with this very worried look on his face came into the  UNK  and sat down behind me , almost at counsel table .
so please help us on this one and try to make not only health a little bit better , but take control of it .
jeopardy &apos;s not an easy game .
you had to register a sample sheet of text out of the typewriter .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates who came many times , but were  UNK  by the  UNK  of the men on our boat , or the engine dying and failing to start for six hours .
and we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture .
she opened a computer store then studied to be a  UNK  and opened another business .
and it &apos;s that  UNK  connection that i believe  UNK  us to not just be attentive to all the bright and  UNK  things , but also the dark and difficult things .
i had the great privilege , when i was a young lawyer , of meeting rosa parks .
the good news is that technology is making it possible to fundamentally reframe the function of government in a way that can actually scale by strengthening civil society .
my mom was the youngest of her 10 kids .
or is it photography ?
that when we actually don &apos;t care about these difficult things , the positive and wonderful things are nonetheless implicated .
the second mistake that i made was worse .
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to make you tired , tired , tired . &quot;
so all you need to do is snap a blue to a green and very quickly you can start making larger circuits .
and there is this stunning silence .
she was tough , she was strong , she was powerful .
and that &apos;s great news , because , it turns out , we &apos;re very good at collective action with digital technology .
and here every piece is very well planned .
the politics of fear and anger have made us believe that these are problems that are not our problems .
what do you think a batting average for a cardiac surgeon or a nurse practitioner or an orthopedic surgeon , an  UNK  , a  UNK  is supposed to be ?
and i went through this roller coaster , because after they stabilized her , she went to the intensive care unit , and i hoped against hope that she would recover .
oh yeah , you go to a cocktail party and you might hear about some other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
it &apos;s a complete denial of mistakes .
and i think that that &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing here in this explosion of curve .
but there &apos;s another thing .
we &apos;re now using those programs to make much faster computers so that we &apos;ll be able to run this process much faster .
and like a lot of people , i thought government was basically about getting people elected to office .
what &apos;s that new state that the world is heading toward ?
it &apos;s the one that says , not that what you did was bad , but that you are bad .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion bricks have been produced -- or 75 bricks for every person on the planet .
we &apos;re actually projecting in another 10 years the level of  UNK  will be as high as it &apos;s been since prior to the passage of the voting rights act .
if you should ever have the chance to staff your city &apos;s call center , as our fellow scott  UNK  did as part of the program -- in fact , they all do that -- you will find that people call government with a very wide range of issues , including having an opossum stuck in your house .
think about that , the fact that , literally , a group of students can touch the lives of a billion people today .
so we trick our brains , because our brain simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
so the things that make a photograph look realistic , i think it &apos;s the things that we don &apos;t even think about , the things all around us in our daily lives .
i grew up in the country in the rural south , and i have a brother a year older than me and a sister a year younger .
now let &apos;s take this back into my world of medicine where i &apos;m a lot more comfortable , or perhaps a bit less comfortable after what i &apos;m going to talk to you about .
now in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home and i don &apos;t think there was any gap in their care .
she took me out back and she said , &quot;  UNK  , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you don &apos;t tell anybody what i tell you . &quot;
that &apos;s the kind of shame that is a teacher .
UNK  , creative participating communities , complete  UNK  , these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity .
it &apos;s very important that these tsunami sirens work , but people steal the batteries out of them .
secondly , photos combined should have the same type of light .
when we create the right kind of identity , we can say things to the world around us that they don &apos;t actually believe makes sense .
my male uncles died of  UNK  diseases .
that &apos;s the system that we have .
they had sold this tool for  UNK  euros to the egyptian government .
no had never been an option .
now i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
and that &apos;s when ms.  UNK  leaned forward , she put her finger in my face , she said , &quot; that &apos;s why you &apos;ve got to be brave , brave , brave . &quot;
here you see , with felt and paper water bottles , we have  UNK  making ...
and because of that , we really haven &apos;t understood what it &apos;s meant to do the things we &apos;ve done historically .
it &apos;s no wonder that people think that the world is getting worse .
here it kind of looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he &apos;s really looking for is for someone to shovel him out when he gets snowed in , because he knows he &apos;s not very good at fighting fires when he &apos;s covered in four feet of snow .
and then at my worst moments : why did i make such a stupid mistake ?
a couple months went by , and i had just forgotten all about it .
i represent people on death row .
so if you go back about two and a half billion years , the earth was this big , sterile  UNK  of rock with a lot of chemicals floating around on it .
i don &apos;t know if you know this , but bacteria can actually exchange dna .
and it &apos;s literally , hundreds of thousands of people came online and started playing it .
the smells from shop doors were from the rest of the world .
i start thinking , well , how did that happen ?
there is a program that some of you might have heard of .
sleep deprivation is absolutely pervasive .
and by the way , the biggest protection against a population explosion is making the world educated and healthy .
in 2010 , it was viewed 23 million times .
it &apos;s been seen nearly 200 million times this year .
UNK  software usually takes a couple of years .
and we say that word with such contempt .
this is not a finished story .
i told my mother i couldn &apos;t do it .
and as soon as i walked inside , the judge saw me coming in .
the great increase in mass incarceration in this country wasn &apos;t really in violent crime categories .
if you know anything about government technology , you know that this isn &apos;t how it normally goes .
it was the threat of terror that shaped their lives .
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
they sell certificates .
the first concrete blocks were manufactured in  UNK  with a very simple idea : modules made of cement of a fixed measurement that fit together .
three months later i had relocated , and the adventure has continued .
my grandmother never let me forget his life .
and most people get that , but they think that one is the input to the other .
so &quot;  UNK  cat &quot; is a looped animation with looped music .
and this is a game where individuals can actually take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein is going to fold .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
and the next report we got said , &quot; i walked over to this location , found the trashcan behind the house .
it sorts and  UNK  through all of the information looking for anything in the environment that might harm us .
now i work in the solar technology industry .
lego has essentially taken the concrete block , the building block of the world , and made it into the building block of our imagination .
well actually the violent crime rate has remained relatively stable .
and so the next stage that &apos;s interesting in life took about another billion years .
and so i did .
it &apos;s not just code for america fellows , there are hundreds of people all over the country that are standing and writing civic apps every day in their own communities .
but wait , this is actually my favorite project .
and he had a sip of this beer and he gave some to my sister and she had some , and they offered it to me .
and charles kenny that global literacy has gone from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
we have the capital of the  UNK  .
and this referendum would propose having those dollars go to law enforcement and safety .
and this deputy jumped up and he ran over to this older black man .
thank you .
what would you say to someone who believed that ?
here we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects , something we all can relate to living in a three-dimensional world .
so you agree to dig it out when it snows .
so if you take the system , as i was taught , and weed out all the  UNK  health professionals , well there won &apos;t be anybody left .
good , really good , maybe an  UNK  .
suppose you have  UNK  and you &apos;re referred to a surgeon who &apos;s batting 400 on  UNK  .
then she sat me down and she looked at me and she said , &quot; i want you to know i &apos;ve been watching you . &quot;
today , there are 2.3 million .
and this is an argument , which doesn &apos;t make sense .
and at the end of the day , i packed up to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot to take my car and drive home when i did something that i don &apos;t usually do .
and over the next two or three days , it was clear that she was never going to wake up .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of this globe , that the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
but this image is actually entirely composed of photographs from different locations .
i think if somebody tells a lie , they &apos;re not just a liar .
and there they make great apps , they work with city  UNK  .
but then what happened was the individuals worked out , of course , tricks of communicating .
take two programs and they produce children by exchanging their  UNK  , and the children inherit the traits of the  UNK  of the two programs .
the nicest thing is how they start to understand the electronics around them from everyday that they don &apos;t learn at schools .
and do we trust , do we blindly trust , any future government , a government we might have 50 years from now ?
it was a way that parents could figure out which were the right public schools for their kids .
UNK  ,  UNK  !
i tell them about terrorism , the era that began at the end of reconstruction that went on to world war ii .
it was fascinating because one of the scholars stood up after the presentation and said , &quot; well you know it &apos;s deeply troubling to hear what you &apos;re talking about . &quot;
tsunami warning .  UNK  .
i gave her medications that we call  UNK  , water pills , to get her to pee out the access fluid .
he types &quot; opossum &quot; into this official knowledge base .
so how does it happen ?
and i &apos;ve got here a little 100  UNK  of white powder , which i try not to let the security people see at airports .
they &apos;re using their hands .
now the amygdala is our early warning detector , our danger detector .
because i think the only way to understand this is to really step back and take a long time scale look at things .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is it that her hand is so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? &quot;
underpinning much of this is technology , and of late , exponentially growing technologies .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the  UNK  .
given who we were and how life had shaped us , we can now see that the men who might have come into our lives would have  UNK  us .
add to that the cost of food , electricity , transportation , communication have dropped 10 to  UNK  .
my mother ,  UNK  , was 18 when her father died -- already in an arranged marriage , already with two small girls .
we all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians -- and when i was younger , that seemed so very , very hard to do .
and i made myself a bargain that if only i  UNK  my efforts to be perfect and never make another mistake again , please make the voices stop .
so in other words , the future has kind of been shrinking one year per year for my whole lifetime .
and i was thinking , this is going to be so difficult , so painful .
i made it and i set to work treating her .
my grandfather was in prison during prohibition .
now one of the important things we need to think about government is that it &apos;s not the same thing as politics .
in fact , their life depended on doing the job .
in other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude in performance scale .
he retreated into silence .
and certainly , we could have been shoveling out those fire hydrants all along , and many people do .
ultimately , you judge the character of a society , not by how they treat their rich and the powerful and the privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the condemned , the incarcerated .
and she said the three words : do you remember ?
it &apos;s this , just like this .
crisis . death . disaster .
because i have nothing to hide . &quot;
we have a system of justice in this country that treats you much better if you &apos;re rich and guilty than if you &apos;re poor and innocent .
i talk a lot about these issues .
well it was a friday , this is true .
alone , ashamed and unsupported .
opossum ? check . living ? yep .
well i adored my mom , so i said , &quot; yes , mama . i &apos;ll do that . &quot;
this is not ...
there was an energy there , an  UNK  optimism , a strange mixture of humility and daring .
the other nurse asked  UNK  .
we are living into extraordinary decades ahead .
so beyond simple play ,  UNK  are actually pretty powerful .
with no support from her husband , she caused a sensation by taking him to court and prosecuting her own case , and a far greater sensation when she won .
that our input to the system of government is voting .
it &apos;s able to generate a thousand liters of clean drinking water a day out of any source -- saltwater , polluted water , latrine -- at less than two cents a liter .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
so meet al .
let me show you how they work .
the third one is about making it impossible to distinguish where the different images begin and end by making it seamless .
so i &apos;m going to start out by showing just one very boring technology slide .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to be talking about .
and while we might trust our governments right now , right here in 2011 , any right we give away will be given away for good .
and also , tan &apos;s mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
so we &apos;re the amoebas and we can &apos;t quite figure out what the hell this thing is we &apos;re creating .
so scott gets this call .
he kept pacing back and forth .
i grew up in a house that was the traditional african american home that was dominated by a matriarch , and that matriarch was my grandmother .
i &apos;m going to tell you something i probably shouldn &apos;t .
and if that  UNK  out , which i have every confidence it will , coca-cola will deploy this globally to  UNK  countries around the planet .
so that worked . so  UNK  for scott .
famine in somalia . police pepper spray .
so it &apos;s got cute little game dynamics on it .
in both cases , these are gross  UNK  , because we really aren &apos;t  UNK  out the problem as we should .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the  UNK  .
last year , bear  UNK  posted this video that he had shot outside his home in yosemite national park .
probably the best part of it is what &apos;s coming down the pike in health .
&quot; just do it , &quot; she said , &quot; and don &apos;t be what you &apos;re not . &quot;
he said , &quot; jimmy , what are you doing in this  UNK  ? &quot;
we &apos;re sort of on this line in a transition from the way the world used to be to some new way that the world is .
yeah ,  UNK  , the judge has some magic power .
and not even like a tech company , but more like the internet itself .
i lived in parallel worlds .
and that era of terrorism , of course , was followed by segregation and decades of racial subordination and apartheid .
i looked through the shower screen and saw her standing on the other side .
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
so to make this blink faster or slower , you would just turn this knob and basically make it pulse faster or slower .
so let &apos;s look at what this last century has been to see where we &apos;re going .
we &apos;re seeing this process feeding back on itself .
it &apos;s a cute little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
we maybe even &#91; have &#93; it in our cellphone .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i am ,  UNK  , almost a generation older than most of them .
as of next week , it will soon be available .
and she works in a culture of medicine that acknowledges that human beings run the system , and when human beings run the system , they will make mistakes from time to time .
so given all of our digital devices that are bringing all the negative news to us seven days a week , 24 hours a day , it &apos;s no wonder that we &apos;re pessimistic .
because the transition seems very , very confusing when we &apos;re right in the middle of it .
we had a team of fellows in boston last year through the code for america program .
and this is a new thing that we talk about technology on  UNK  curves .
my mother phoned minutes later .
so for example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
she was the end of every argument in our family .
you see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , worth more than gold and platinum .
so what was the next step ?
we &apos;re going through the same levels that  UNK  organisms have gone through --  UNK  out our methods of recording , presenting , processing information .
but on citizens connect everything is public , so everybody can see this .
today we can point at dozens of companies that have done just that .
the thing is becoming faster and that &apos;s why i think it seems so confusing .
and i &apos;ve been representing these kids who have been sentenced to do these very harsh sentences .
and the motives of online criminals are very easy to understand .
so this allows us now to begin to start functioning as a single organism .
that means that  UNK   UNK  safely , hit safely three times out of 10 at bats .
the next step we took was to find the applications for it .
and yet , 46 percent of all homicide cases don &apos;t result in arrest .
and try that again and do that for another generation .
they will tap your internet connection .
and i didn &apos;t learn about this actually practicing law and doing the work that i do .
but , but , you know what ?
the second major group of attackers that we are watching today are not motivated by money .
i never knew him in real life .
introduce some mutations perhaps .
we do . as rational as we are , as committed to intellect as we are .
and during the break there was a deputy sheriff who was offended that the janitor had come into court .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
there was a crazy line in there about how there &apos;s no conduct in this county , it &apos;s all misconduct .
she was back and near death .
and that &apos;s when i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
i sometimes get out of balance . i &apos;ll end with this story .
this is alfred  UNK  .
pretty simple .
for her , life had distilled itself into one task : the escape of her family and a new life in australia .
we select a few fellows every year and we have them work with city governments .
and that &apos;s important .
he took a famous photo . what was it called ?
that &apos;s because government is like a vast ocean and politics is the  UNK  layer on top .
now would you please run all of those random sequences of instructions , run all of those programs , and pick out the ones that came closest to doing what i wanted . &quot;
and then my brother started staring at me .
i don &apos;t take the same history .
and now there are 10,000  UNK  of &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
UNK  .
and at that stage , we have  UNK  communities , communities of lots of different types of cells , working together as a single organism .
and it was there that another nurse , not the nurse who was looking after mrs.  UNK  before , but another nurse , said three words to me that are the three words that most emergency physicians i know dread .
and those that were like that started to split and divide .
and because of that there &apos;s this basic human dignity that must be respected by law .
okay .
and that wasn &apos;t a difficult diagnosis to make .
you see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a  UNK  force .
and if you &apos;re wondering about those other spikes , those are also fridays .
so they survived or they failed together , which means that if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were repeated more and they were favored by evolution .
and i actually believe that the ted community needs to be more courageous .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , froze the swiss bank account of mr. sam jain right here , and that bank account had  UNK  million u.s. dollars on it when it was frozen .
what will these three billion people bring ?
and let me close with three words of my own : i do remember .
there will be this little blood pressure meter connected to an iphone or something or other .
and i don &apos;t mean necessarily a technological definition of platform here .
UNK  , you &apos;ve struck a massive chord here .
the chairman of coca-cola has just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of units of this in the developing world .
this is a prime example of what happens when governments attack against their own citizens .
and in this case , a neighbor saw it .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
and it &apos;s interesting , when i teach my students about african american history , i tell them about slavery .
so the system is evolving to create backups that make it easier to detect those mistakes that humans inevitably make and also  UNK  in a loving , supportive way places where everybody who is observing in the health care system can actually point out things that could be potential mistakes and is rewarded for doing so , and especially people like me , when we do make mistakes , we &apos;re rewarded for coming clean .
he said , &quot; oh , mama tells all the grandkids that they &apos;re special . &quot;
the redefined physician is human , knows she &apos;s human , accepts it , isn &apos;t proud of making mistakes , but strives to learn one thing from what happened that she can teach to somebody else .
and when i listened to her , she was making a  UNK  sound .
we settled in  UNK  , a working-class suburb whose demographic is layers of immigrants .
i mean , as mentioned earlier , one of the biggest stars in the world right now , justin bieber , got his start on youtube .
i met people from all walks of life , so many of them doing the thing they loved , living on the frontiers of possibility .
the rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster .
it &apos;s not our struggle .
now the question that i &apos;d like to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they don &apos;t go on forever .
and i remember , when i was about eight or nine years old , waking up one morning , going into the living room , and all of my cousins were running around .
well it turns out , he didn &apos;t have a  UNK  throat .
one i thought had a kidney stone .
and i really think that the most important thing of it is that we stopped listening to patients .
and she &apos;s hitting a  UNK  .
and up until now , it &apos;s been a supercomputer problem .
and the family gathered .
i memorized in my anatomy class the origins and  UNK  of every muscle , every branch of every artery that came off the aorta , differential diagnoses obscure and common .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
and we teach our students all of these technologies , and particularly how they can be used to solve humanity &apos;s grand challenges .
it &apos;s really a pretty amazing invention if you think about it .
she grew up at a time when  UNK  was the social norm and the local mandarin was the person who mattered .
we want to encourage a world of creators , of inventors , of contributors , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
my mother asked us to feel her hand .
well every one of those generations just takes a few milliseconds .
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all the doors to your house and play music really loud and see if the thing leaves ? &quot;
and ms. parks used to come back to montgomery every now and then , and she would get together with two of her dearest friends , these older women ,  UNK   UNK  who was the organizer of the montgomery bus boycott -- amazing african american woman -- and virginia  UNK  , a white woman , whose husband , clifford  UNK  , represented dr. king .
cloud computing , what my friends at autodesk call infinite computing ; sensors and networks ; robotics ; 3d printing , which is the ability to democratize and distribute personalized production around the planet ; synthetic biology ; fuels , vaccines and foods ; digital medicine ;  UNK  ; and a.i.
how do i get this removed ? &quot;
so a couple of years ago i started a program to try to get the rockstar tech and design people to take a year off and work in the one environment that represents pretty much everything they &apos;re supposed to hate ; we have them work in government .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
and the nurse thought about it and said very  UNK  , &quot; yeah , i think she &apos;ll do okay . &quot;
photos like this : construction going on along a busy road .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
the next piece of the jigsaw is of a boat in the early dawn slipping silently out to sea .
every second of every day , our senses bring in way too much data than we can possibly process in our brains .
last month , mit put out a study showing that by the end of this decade , in the sunny parts of the united states , solar electricity will be six cents a kilowatt hour compared to 15 cents as a national average .
i &apos;ve tried looking at them and telling you how they work .
now what this communication allowed was communities to form that , in some sense , were in the same boat together ; they were  UNK  .
and the next piece of the jigsaw is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together .
what they need is an environment to be able to do that .
because that &apos;s what you do when your name is yosemite mountain bear .
photos where you will need a brief moment to think to figure out the trick .
and so , in fact , what we &apos;ve done is we , humanity , have started  UNK  out .
&quot; you have not let it go . &quot;
my mother was exhausted each night , but we told one another about our day and listened to the movements of my grandmother around the house .
then she said , &quot; the second thing i want you to promise me is that you &apos;ll always do the right thing even when the right thing is the hard thing . &quot;
now look at this curve .
defeat would have come too easily .
this is a condition in which the heart fails , and instead of being able to pump all the blood forward , some of the blood backs up into the lung , the lungs fill up with blood , and that &apos;s why you have  UNK  of breath .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the prison population .
all the rest of that day , that afternoon , i had this kind of gnawing feeling inside my stomach .
and i came out of medical school with the impression that if i memorized everything and knew everything , or as much as possible , as close to everything as possible , that it would immunize me against making mistakes .
and it was what i was feeling .
let &apos;s say i want to sort numbers , as a simple example i &apos;ve done it with .
and finally , i believe that , despite the fact that it is so dramatic and so beautiful and so inspiring and so stimulating , we will ultimately not be judged by our technology , we won &apos;t be judged by our design , we won &apos;t be judged by our intellect and reason .
and i did well , i graduated with honors ,  UNK   UNK  .
in a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute , only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have .
i don &apos;t believe that .
and my grandmother was tough , but she was also loving .
what about contributions we can &apos;t even predict ?
so of course , random sequences of instructions are very unlikely to sort numbers , so none of them will really do it .
and i studied in my little  UNK  at the nurses &apos; residence at toronto general hospital , not far from here .
a few years ago i started developing  UNK  .
it &apos;s not really what is realistic , it &apos;s what we think looks realistic really .
it mixed with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a bit different , because using the camera , the process was in the planning instead .
for the first time , this year the cost of  UNK  electricity is 50 percent that of  UNK  electricity in india --  UNK  rupees versus 17 rupees .
thank you .
and i put in my motion that there was  UNK  misconduct and police misconduct and judicial misconduct .
thank you .
there &apos;s nanotechnology coming on ,  UNK  .
a lot of my clients are very young .
you &apos;re an inspiring person .
well she was back all right .
it &apos;s a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed  UNK  report that &apos;s a response to the sec &apos;s request for comment on the financial reform bill .
we &apos;re challenging teams around the world to basically combine these technologies into a mobile device that you can speak to , because it &apos;s got a.i. , you can cough on it , you can do a finger blood  UNK  .
but it &apos;s doing something that no other government technology does .
here &apos;s vladimir  UNK  form  UNK  in estonia .
i don &apos;t know .
now a lot of people have given up on government .
and also , even though it &apos;s plotted on a log curve on the left , it &apos;s  UNK  upwards .
and it &apos;s been an incredible experience .
she said , &quot; now you make sure you don &apos;t do that . &quot; i said , &quot; sure . &quot;
and there &apos;s a generation out there that &apos;s grown up on the internet , and they know that it &apos;s not that hard to do things together , you just have to architect the systems the right way .
but there are two problems with that .
if you &apos;re a doctor you can do some good things , but if you &apos;re a caring doctor you can do some other things .
four years ago here at ted , ray kurzweil and i started a new university called singularity university .
and this was done so the government could track where text was coming from .
i just see it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces of reality and put it together to create alternate reality .
and i saw mrs.  UNK  , and she was  UNK  .
but then the technology of  UNK  came along and literally made aluminum so cheap that we use it with  UNK  mentality .
and in fact , sometimes it takes it by methods that we don &apos;t quite even understand .
he said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the death penalty in germany .
it says , &apos; this plane has hundreds of thousands of tiny parts working together to make you a safe flight . &apos; doesn &apos;t that make you feel confident ? &quot;
it &apos;s a question of freedom against control .
now here &apos;s a conference in which people talk about the future , and you notice that the future is still at about the year 2000 .
it &apos;s interesting , this question of the death penalty .
in my 20 years or so of medical broadcasting and journalism , i &apos;ve made a personal study of medical malpractice and medical errors to learn everything i can , from one of the first articles i wrote for the toronto star to my show &quot; white coat , black art . &quot;
societal decay . 65 dead .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses , beautiful bridges , beautiful buildings .
over the next few weeks , i beat myself up and i experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our culture of medicine -- where i felt alone , isolated , not feeling the healthy kind of shame that you feel , because you can &apos;t talk about it with your colleagues .
this is moore &apos;s law over the last hundred years .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
and the women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and inflexible , and troubled children caught between two worlds .
and i think it starts with one physician , and that &apos;s me .
for example , in germany , just a couple of weeks ago the so-called state trojan was found , which was a trojan used by german government officials to investigate their own citizens .
now why do we draw technology curves in  UNK  curves ?
it &apos;s a lobster made of  UNK  that &apos;s afraid of the dark .
i was devastated .
and all the while , i was amassing more and more knowledge .
and that was the message that i absorbed when i was in med school .
and i would look at her and i &apos;d smile , but she was very serious .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
and she was barely breathing and she was blue .
we can get them to do things that they don &apos;t think they can do .
this is the kind of innovation , empowered by this technology , that exists today .
but what &apos;s more important about this app is that it represents how a new generation is tackling the problem of government -- not as the problem of an  UNK  institution , but as a problem of collective action .
it &apos;s friday , friday . gotta get down on friday . everybody &apos;s looking forward to the weekend , weekend . friday , friday .  UNK  &apos; down on friday . so you didn &apos;t think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video i hope .
but in the end , it comes down to how we interpret the world and how it can be realized on a two-dimensional surface .
and we have three billion new minds coming online to work with us to solve the grand challenges , to do that which we must do .
this is a modest little app .
so i &apos;ve got now a new generation of programs that are produced by combinations of the programs that did a little bit better job .
i had written these crazy things .
and because i was up too late , wasn &apos;t thinking real straight , i started working on a motion .
and an hour or two later , if i saw her , she &apos;d come over to me and she &apos;d say , &quot;  UNK  , do you still feel me hugging you ? &quot;
and more than anything , for those of you who share that , i &apos;ve simply come to tell you to keep your eyes on the prize , hold on .
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot;
if you live in the state of california , for example , there &apos;s a referendum coming up this spring where actually there &apos;s going to be an effort to redirect some of the money we spend on the politics of punishment .
to these  UNK  ,  UNK  became another material , electronics became just another material .
can i give them a bow in their lives , dipping bravely into each wave , the  UNK  and steady beat of the engine , the vast horizon that guarantees nothing ?
innovation , creativity , development comes not from the ideas in our mind alone .
these guys make their fortunes online , but they make it through the illegal means of using things like banking  UNK  to steal money from our bank accounts while we do online banking , or with  UNK  to collect our credit card information while we are doing online shopping from an infected computer .
in fact , we redefine what poverty means .
and every morning i hop on it .
and the interesting thing about it is that this slide , like so many technology slides that we &apos;re used to , is a sort of a straight line on a  UNK  curve .
but our lives are much more than our memories .
we &apos;ve all got navigation controls in our car .
they gave her medications to raise her blood pressure .
they &apos;re not fighting that battle that we &apos;re all fighting about who gets to speak ; they all get to speak .
the point is that the news media  UNK  feeds us negative stories because that &apos;s what our minds pay attention to .
i actually think , in too many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
and the snippets of  UNK  english were exchanged between people who had one thing in common , they were starting again .
and on a cloudy day , there was a crack in the clouds and the sun started to come out and i wondered , maybe i could feel better again .
you know that healthy kind , when you betray a secret that a best friend made you promise never to reveal and then you get busted and then your best friend confronts you and you have terrible discussions , but at the end of it all that sick feeling guides you and you say , i &apos;ll never make that mistake again .
instead of having to program , to wire , to  UNK  ,  UNK  allow you to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
we just passed the seven billion mark on earth .
and you can actually say things here that have impacts around the world .
but what &apos;s the trick that makes it look realistic ?
and the conversation i had with dean kamen this morning , one of the great diy innovators , i &apos;d like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do so -- his technology called slingshot that many of you may have heard of , it is the size of a small dorm room refrigerator .
in 2010 , we had just short of two billion people online , connected .
the unhealthy shame i &apos;m talking about is the one that makes you so sick inside .
and when i listened to her chest with a stethoscope , i could hear  UNK  sounds on both sides that told me that she was in congestive heart failure .
for example , how a  UNK  works , or why an elevator door stays open , or how an ipod responds to touch .
this is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer .
she shares her experience with others .
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; she &apos;d assault me again , and if i said , &quot; yes , &quot; she &apos;d leave me alone .
and that old newspaper saying , &quot; if it  UNK  it leads , &quot; is very true .
and i was catapulted from one piece of the jigsaw to another , and their edges didn &apos;t fit .
what would it feel like to be living in a world where the nation state of germany was executing people , especially if they were disproportionately jewish ?
and i finally got out of the car and i started walking up to the courthouse .
now when we think deeper about things like these , the obvious response from people should be that , &quot; okay , that sounds bad , but that doesn &apos;t really affect me because i &apos;m a legal citizen .
well there are opportunities all around us .
we love innovation .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
so go ahead and start inventing .
so the white lines here are population .
there were remixes .
we &apos;re trying to confront bias and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
the underwater part was captured in a stone pit .
it doesn &apos;t slow for any of our grand challenges .
so those are the three main attackers : criminals who do it for the money ,  UNK  like anonymous doing it for the protest , but then the last group are nation states , governments doing the attacks .
that transition is happening . we can all sense it .
do you know what they call a 300  UNK  in major league baseball ?
that whenever you &apos;re on holiday and somebody collapses , might it be your own relative or someone just in front of you , you can find this .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of the 21 apps that the fellows wrote last year .
but ultimately , those realities are  UNK  by suffering , abuse , degradation , marginalization .
now we talk about water wars .
so i would like to say that there are three simple rules to follow to achieve a realistic result .
as some of you might know , i &apos;ve got more than 4,000 followers on twitter .
and before i knew it , the  UNK  was filled with people angry that we were talking about race , that we were talking about poverty , that we were talking about inequality .
what about giving the oppressed , wherever they might be , the voice to be heard and the voice to act for the first time ever ?
and i go to the jail and i see my client who &apos;s 13 and 14 , and he &apos;s been certified to stand trial as an adult .
legendary -- as in ted williams legendary -- the last major league baseball player to hit over 400 during a regular season .
so right now , what i do is i design objects at such complexity that it &apos;s really impossible for me to design them in the traditional sense .
and sure , we could find fast food chains .
so those are just a few of the clips i collected over the last six months -- could have easily been the last six days or the last six years .
and within that binder were notes from a company based in germany which had sold the egyptian government a set of tools for  UNK  -- and in very large scale -- all the communication of the citizens of the country .
i am a redefined physician .
but there &apos;s a main difference : the transistor was only for experts .
i had some , your sister had some . have some beer . &quot;
in this country , as many as 24,000 canadians die of preventable medical errors .
at the end of each day , i made a huge pot of soup which we all shared .
we know perfectly where all the atms are about the city of  UNK  .
and yet , we seem to be very comfortable .
it &apos;s not about being scarce , it &apos;s about accessibility .
it will get to you .
we would never do that in our own countries .
this is not a question between privacy against security .
green is output , blue is power , pink is input and orange is wire .
think of this , in america today , the majority of people under the poverty line still have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile phones , air conditioning and cars .
and there were rare but searing  UNK  of &quot;  UNK  &quot; and the occasional graffiti : &quot; asian , go home . &quot;
she &apos;s supportive when other people talk about their mistakes .
and the next morning , i woke up and i thought , now did i dream that crazy motion , or did i actually write it ?
i don &apos;t say that because i think that &apos;s virtuous ; i say that because there is power in identity .
al is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
lights , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything should be accessible .
i mean , it &apos;s fascinating .
things just can &apos;t possibly keep changing as fast as they are .
what does it mean ?
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
before i close though , let me tell you about my grandmother .
i &apos;m sorry about that , but i strive to learn one thing that i can pass on to other people .
so i followed my hunches .
we told her stories and assured her that we were still with her .
and over 10,000  UNK  already in the netherlands already have been submitted .
it always starts with a sketch , an idea .
the other thing is we know where all the gas stations are .
and i &apos;d go over there and i would , i would just listen .
we &apos;re trying to help people who have been wrongly convicted .
he said , &quot; when we were in eastern europe and dealing with oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , an orientation of the spirit , a willingness to sometimes be in hopeless places and be a witness . &quot;
like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to build much larger , more complex circuits , one brick at a time .
&quot; moneyball &quot; is about to come out , and it &apos;s all about statistics and using statistics to build a great baseball team .
and it starts with one physician at a time .
and the  UNK  staff pulled out all the stops .
somehow she found time to study english and gain it qualifications .
but for african americans in this country , that was an era defined by terror .
threats , in the wake of bin laden &apos;s death , have spiked .
grants and sponsors were sought .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they resigned themselves to what was happening .
i talk about race and this question of whether we deserve to kill .
in a hospital system where medical knowledge is doubling every two or three years , we can &apos;t keep up with it .
i made the decision to move to the u.s.
we &apos;re constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
maybe i did it for a good reason .
if so , that means that what we &apos;re in the middle of right now is a transition .
even in the first seven days , there was one parody for every other day of the week .
now that &apos;s why , for instance , antibiotic resistance has evolved .
well this is a really extraordinary honor for me .
i still don &apos;t know what you think of me , but i can live with that .
we were told afterward that if that had gone through normal channels , it would have taken at least two years and it would have cost about two million dollars .
slowly but surely , it lifted .
before i actually begin the meat of my talk , let &apos;s begin with a bit of baseball .
oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
and i think that opportunity exists all around us .
you put a blue to a green , you can make light .
and we built an ipad application .
and sometimes when it comes through ted , it has meaning and power that it doesn &apos;t have when it doesn &apos;t .
my mother suffered from nightmares all about the boat .
so given a dozen news stories , we will  UNK  look at the negative news .
and i memorized everything .
and one of the things we did at  UNK  university is we appointed a chief listening officer .
her mother raised her alone .
here i have a very complicated , messy , confused idea in my head .
okay . thank you very much .
you can put a knob in between and now you &apos;ve made a little  UNK  .
at the end of that , i end up with programs that are absolutely perfect at sorting numbers .
i &apos;ve learned very simple things doing the work that i do .
now there &apos;s a very large community of people that are building the tools that we need to do things together effectively .
i want you to notice two things from this curve .
because that &apos;s where the real work of government happens .
i spend most of my time in very low-income communities in the projects and places where there &apos;s a great deal of hopelessness .
save those . kill off the rest .
these communities of cells , again , began to abstract information .
thank you .
and this video had actually been posted all the way back in january .
so what happened here ?
why didn &apos;t i ask my attending ? why did i send her home ?
so i got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane , but often there are  UNK  that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane .
the only country in the world .
one out of three black men between the ages of 18 and 30 is in jail , in prison , on probation or parole .
it might take a moment to load .
but he didn &apos;t actually set out to make a viral video , bear .
and every year we ask them to start a company or a product or a service that can affect positively the lives of a billion people within a decade .
you can google it , but it &apos;s an infection , not of the throat , but of the upper  UNK  , and it can actually cause the  UNK  to close .
and how it folds dictates its structure and its functionality .
it suggests how government could work better -- not more like a private company , as many people think it should .
we made an application for  UNK  , augmented reality , to find these  UNK  .
groups like anonymous have risen up over the last 12 months and have become a major player in the field of online attacks .
but then there was another really interesting step where things became completely different , which is these cells started exchanging and communicating information , so that they began to get communities of cells .
this is the call center for the services and information line .
they &apos;re obscure , weird programs .
by being totally surprising and humorous , casey  UNK  got his funny idea and point seen five million times .
so what could three billion rising , healthy , educated , productive members of humanity bring to us ?
it &apos;s interesting to me .
and it &apos;s collected by my general practitioner as well , so he can see what &apos;s my problem in weight , not on the very moment that i need  UNK  support or something like it , but also looking backward .
instead , what i do and what the designers at thinking machines do is we think at some level of abstraction and then we hand it to the machine and the machine takes it beyond what we could ever do , much farther and faster than we could ever do .
my goodness , we &apos;re going to hit 70 percent penetration of cellphones in the developing world by the end of 2013 .
i actually learned about this from my grandmother .
i do get tired , as we all do .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is only going to get worse .
we &apos;re trying to end mass incarceration . &quot;
like most adults on the boat , my mother carried a small bottle of poison .
and when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when you press the trigger .
if we want this institution to work for us , we &apos;re going to have to make bureaucracy sexy .
these might be  UNK  services or cable guys for instance , just to see whether the  UNK  that &apos;s submitted still is in place .
my first memories are from the boat -- the steady beat of the engine , the bow dipping into each wave , the vast and empty horizon .
sometimes those ideas get ahead of our thinking in ways that are important .
i represent children .
we have the tools with this exponential technology .
and there is technology coming online , not 10 , 20 years from now , right now .
i was riding in a 747 with marvin minsky once , and he pulls out this card and says , &quot; oh look . look at this .
it was this misguided war on drugs .
it &apos;s true .
thank you .
in urban communities across this country -- los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young men of color are in jail or prison or on probation or parole .
essentially concrete blocks had become the building block of our time .
and it could have connected them with government services if they &apos;d been needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to government services .
and if they &apos;re on a smartphone on google , they &apos;ve got access to more knowledge and information than president clinton did 15 years ago .
but one fellow in particular , a guy named erik  UNK  , noticed something else , and that &apos;s that citizens are shoveling out sidewalks right in front of these things .
very quickly concrete blocks became the  UNK  construction unit in the world .
thank you so much for coming to ted . thank you .
and we think , we like to think , that this is one of the major problems why all -- maybe not all -- but most of the  UNK  projects fail , since we stopped listening .
but today in 2011 , if you go and buy a color laser printer from any major laser printer manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having slight yellow dots printed on every single page in a pattern which makes the page unique to you and to your printer .
but it &apos;s that contempt that keeps this thing that we own and we pay for as something that &apos;s working against us , this other thing , and then we &apos;re  UNK  ourselves .
no apple has ever tasted the same .
this is a generation that &apos;s grown up taking their voices pretty much for granted .
i said , &quot; okay , mama . &quot;
... paying attention to crowd-sourcing .
centers were established .
it &apos;s all bound by oxygen and  UNK  .
and so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it .
so i wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you press the trigger .
and this man came over to me and he hugged me .
and she points out other people &apos;s mistakes , not in a gotcha way , but in a loving , supportive way so that everybody can benefit .
so in other words , i define what i wanted .
do we really think we &apos;re going to get where we need to go without fixing the one institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
it would be  UNK  .
she was born in the 1880 &apos;s and the experience of slavery very much shaped the way she saw the world .
we have seven million people on probation and parole .
and out of the corner of my eye , i could see this janitor pacing back and forth .
for example , here in california we &apos;re going to spend one billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years -- one billion dollars .
we &apos;re near the end , we &apos;re getting close to the world series .
all the dollars were allocated and extra tuition in english and mathematics was  UNK  for regardless of what missed out , which was usually new clothes ; they were always secondhand .
and it &apos;s also a great example of government getting in on the crowd-sourcing game .
like here , we have mr.  UNK   UNK  from the city of kiev in ukraine .
now in order to do that i &apos;m going to have to talk about a bunch of stuff that really has nothing to do with technology and computers .
and i thought about that .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day my brother came home and he had this  UNK  of beer -- i don &apos;t know where he got it -- and he grabbed me and my sister and we went out in the woods .
and we got carried away with the rhetoric of punishment .
and i asked last week in a meeting with dutch government representatives , i asked one of the leaders of the team whether he found plausible that people died because of the  UNK  hack .
but western governments are doing it to themselves as well .
and he knew her , he would have been able to  UNK  additional information about her .
in south africa , people understood that we couldn &apos;t overcome apartheid without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
because we don &apos;t just enjoy now , we participate .
solar technology is ...
and police officers were coming in and assistant prosecutors and clerk workers .
and you can do this with techniques like this , but also by crowd-sourcing .
and that means  UNK  , it means open , it means generative .
and who could have predicted any of this ?
it &apos;s got one knob , on / off .
i gave her my whole rap , and when i finished she looked at me and she said , &quot; mmm mmm mmm . &quot;
it connected those two people .
and i see the same process with combining photographs .
here &apos;s an example of a project they made , a  UNK   UNK  canon ball .
and my small startup is looking to force ourselves into the environment by paying attention to ...
unlike the settled middle-class suburbs , whose existence i was oblivious of , there was no sense of entitlement in  UNK  .
and i went back to work .
in fact , so lacking in confidence was i that i actually asked the nurse who was looking after mrs.  UNK  , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay if she goes home ? &quot;
i &apos;m going to focus on one stat that i hope a lot of you have heard of .
so here &apos;s another example .
there &apos;s been this huge decline in crime in america over the last three decades .
and it lets us produce things of much more complexity than normal engineering lets us produce .
and there &apos;s good news here .
in rwanda , even after the genocide , there was this commitment , but in this country we haven &apos;t done that .
the one thing i &apos;ve learned at the x prize is that small teams driven by their passion with a clear focus can do extraordinary things , things that large corporations and governments could only do in the past .
he was placed on  UNK  antibiotics and he recovered after a few days .
but combined , they can create something like this .
two pairs of  UNK  for school , each to hide the holes in the other .
they had to worry about being bombed .
i was an obsessive compulsive student .
it was called the automatic binding brick .
what we do though is we send each one of them , including myself , out into the world with the  UNK  , be perfect .
number one , how smooth it is -- through good time and bad time , war time and peace time , recession , depression and boom time .
and these older people come up to me now and they say , &quot; mr. stevenson , you give talks , you make speeches , you tell people to stop saying we &apos;re dealing with terrorism for the first time in our nation &apos;s history after 9 / 11 . &quot;
it would be so  UNK  and so empowering .
that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being  UNK  active .
so we &apos;re beginning to depend on computers to do a process that &apos;s very different than engineering .
we love technology . we love creativity .
in fact , i  UNK  the headlines looking for the best headline in a newspaper i could .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two kinds of physicians -- those who make mistakes and those who don &apos;t , those who can &apos;t handle sleep deprivation and those who can , those who have lousy outcomes and those who have great outcomes .
this is the result of faster computers being used to build faster computers .
and he whispered in my ear .
and i claim it &apos;s already today that it &apos;s more likely for any of us to become the victim of a crime online than here in the real world .
in high school , a  UNK  once said that brian goldman would study for a blood test .
michael j. nelson from mystery science theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on twitter .
what i want to show you is not so much the details of the slide , but the general form of it .
but these apps are like little digital reminders that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers of government , putting in our taxes and getting back services .
and for that work , when i was a final year law student , i was chosen as the young australian of the year .
he talked to the family , and i &apos;m quite sure that he  UNK  things over and made sure that i didn &apos;t get sued .
her parents were born in slavery in virginia in the  UNK  &apos;s .
for a year we were penniless .
it &apos;s about as far as we go out .
how can a judge turn you into something that you &apos;re not ?
and as i was walking up the steps of this courthouse , there was an older black man who was the janitor in this courthouse .
and i &apos;m going to admit something to you .
actually , i made two more mistakes .
we truly are living in an extraordinary time .
so you heard and saw an obvious desire by this audience , this community , to help you on your way and to do something on this issue .
and his answer was yes .
and &#91; we &apos;re &#93; asking all of our colleagues in the rest of the world , colleague universities , to help us to find and work and act like a hub to  UNK  all these  UNK  all around the world .
it &apos;s not moving like that .
i personally think that it &apos;s easier to actually create a place than to find a place , because then you don &apos;t need to compromise with the ideas in your head .
i think it &apos;s very  UNK  of us to think that we &apos;re the end product of evolution .
and my grandmother was sitting across the room staring at me .
all right , let &apos;s go .
the three words are : do you remember ?
and we keep setting our expectations higher and higher .
the united states now has the highest rate of incarceration in the world .
they haven &apos;t given up on government .
writing down the dna was an interesting step .
never ever , ever make a mistake , but you worry about the details , about how that &apos;s going to happen .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
we need to find ways to embrace these challenges , these problems , the suffering .
in one , i was the classic asian student , relentless in the demands that i made on myself .
is it something about the light ?
we call animal control , it just costs a lot of money .
it could happen in learning time scales .
what creates the illusion ?
now the transition point happened when these communities got so close that , in fact , they got together and decided to write down the whole recipe for the community together on one string of dna .
so it &apos;s more about capturing an idea than about capturing a moment really .
we &apos;re taking off .
we have three main groups .
and on this curve , riding on moore &apos;s law , are a set of extraordinarily powerful technologies available to all of us .
i walked through the emergency department on my way home .
and then she said , &quot; i just need you to promise me three things ,  UNK  . &quot;
in fact , one of the things that i did just for amusement purposes is we can now write things in this code .
then he looked at me real hard and he said , &quot; oh , i hope you &apos;re not still hung up on that conversation mama had with you . &quot;
but the king of  UNK  , he was fed with aluminum  UNK  .
lego made it accessible .
and their pupils would dilate , they would  UNK  , then they would look down and swallow hard and start to tell me their stories .
well after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that , especially local government , is about  UNK  .
this is a chart of what it looked like .
and what &apos;s under that is what we call bureaucracy .
drug war . mass destruction . tornado .
have you seen these guys ?
they learned to record the information that was the recipe of the cell onto a particular kind of chemical called dna .
so this is great . this is the digital meeting the physical .
he kept pointing here .
and these folks know something that we &apos;ve lost sight of .
rebecca black &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
we have our cognitive biases , so that i can take a perfect history on a patient with chest pain .
so for example , we &apos;ve had designers with no experience with electronics whatsoever start to play with  UNK  as a material .
there is no disconnect around technology and design that will allow us to be fully human until we pay attention to suffering , to poverty , to exclusion , to  UNK  , to injustice .
and we have this idea that if we drive the people who make mistakes out of medicine , what will we be left with , but a safe system .
they &apos;re living in a world of information and communication abundance that no one could have ever predicted .
and i got in my car and i went to this courthouse .
so to achieve a realistic result , i think it comes down to planning .
we &apos;re constantly running into each other .
i never will forget it .
and fortunately he didn &apos;t die .
56 percent of all rape cases don &apos;t result .
and that was my first time to be  UNK  with that .
so the first steps of the story that i told you about took a billion years a piece .
at midnight the monk came and told us he had to close the  UNK  .
a school uniform down to the ankles , because it had to last for six years .
it has an app , a web and mobile app , called citizens connect .
and chicago just rolled it out to get people to sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows .
is it something about the details or the colors ?
in the 1980s in the communist eastern germany , if you owned a typewriter , you had to register it with the government .
i call it the rising billion .
they are frustrated as hell with it , but they &apos;re not complaining about it , they &apos;re fixing it .
it &apos;s generally where you will get if you call  UNK  in your city .
we &apos;ve been disconnected .
let me give you an example .
i said , &quot; no , i don &apos;t feel right about that . y &apos;all go ahead . y &apos;all go ahead . &quot;
but here , here is the biggest force for bringing about a world of abundance .
and they began building very special structures that did nothing but process information within the community .
