so that &apos;s what we &apos;ve done here . you see what we &apos;ve done , and then there &apos;s this line that we will survive in many years that hasn &apos;t existed . that &apos;s what we learned from learning .
we &apos;re collaborating with local communities .
this is a place where people  UNK  them , and i was thrilled to be happy , because they believe i allow me to help them them for books .
and they released me . it &apos;s a miracle .
my mother &apos;s education became a teacher .
so we can create a community where there are many individuals who have a specific experience of different types of small forms in a coffee shop , and , you know your partner that you &apos;re going to do what you &apos;re going to do with whom you know , who you &apos;re asking you , &quot; what do you need ? &quot; what do you need ? &quot; what do you need ?
you can see all that .
some of my friends were home .
it says that it &apos;s found that you &apos;ve come out of it when i saw that in the first time .
all right .
i was growing up in a country that was demolished by hurricane wars .
just about 300 dollars , to make this test scores in neurology .
i &apos;ve been working for the ngo for italy and every project we built in africa .
her name is devastating , and she was a mother for me , and her death is surprise and unexpected .
thank you very much , tom .
we &apos;ve lost our books in the  UNK  winds , as if you will think we &apos;re just shopping .
you can see the story that &apos;s going on .
and that &apos;s how the light on the lions are coming to the night .
i said we invented an industrial machine built at the lab , to heat hot spots .
so , that means that people will probably be able to be able to be able to kill their cell phones and take this test , and those who have parkinson &apos;s name , and then their doctors can check their progress as well as they are .
in the dark room needs to see the window , and where they are avoid the sun .
you see , some of you may not do that . maybe they won &apos;t call me .
it &apos;s a black widow to the father , the blue hands and that &apos;s his son .
and the person said , &quot; well , that &apos;s why we &apos;re not in anything . &quot;
this strange observation looks like in the world to egypt &apos;s  UNK  .
the problem is , that &apos;s the land of the city .
he needs them to feel protected .
cities are some of the most amazing architecture in the world , but it also has a large number of values that are affected in the united states .
and then the light of this day today &apos;s talks about it to your kids , your colleagues , your friends and friends .
UNK  teach information .
and i saw their parents and their father like their father , supportive , even though , even though it &apos;s extraordinarily difficult .
our bodies can be lost . you can get away from the duration of the war .
can they recover our entire information ?
for a while then you calling you , and you call yourself , and you &apos;ll have this network of communication .
i can &apos;t tell you how far away from the age of how far away from the united states can only say that in the  UNK  years because of hunger , because i was sent to to china to live with a younger person .
then you have to bring them to a service service , and they are .
&quot; it was amazing to travel , and work with creative people , inspiring inspiration .
i was missing because i had to think about my image every day .
well , to sum up , i can say that we &apos;ve created a  UNK  juicer kit , add up to steel , using a  UNK  increase in order to be able to increase the life expectancy of the planet , faster , the fastest way that even if you can do , increase the more likely to move away from the simple  UNK  . it &apos;s going to save save a lot of money .
we need cooperation to the government on the scale .
i realized that the problem is the solution .
so this is precisely that &apos;s 86 percent ?
so how do these kinds of experiments on this voice compared to clinical trial ? they both didn &apos;t kill each other .
i saw my own grave kit became a education tool , a tool for my transform transformation .
however , once a little bit less , a dearth of emphasis on the election of the elections and diffusion of the revolution that disappear -- when every day before we wake up the news about violence .
the next day i gave her her father &apos;s day son &apos;s 14 year-old son .
ask scientists and engineers , or  UNK  with us .
can you imagine a  UNK  community of people , with smart intelligence and  UNK  ?
they were  UNK  with cultures .
with  UNK  and  UNK  , we were approached with a very large numbers of the voice with a vast number of global in order to collect enough data and start  UNK  four goals .
thank you .
i use tap into the garden , soil in a canvas , and the trees and the trees are what i &apos;ve done for that cloth .
thank you .
this is life in my month , has been recorded in this database .
and if i can only try to convey something for  UNK  and for sam , and that &apos;s not you &apos;re not going to be .
so i had an idea .
for the first time i had apartment apartment , my own american express my own country , and i had big secrets .
you &apos;re making creative inventions .
and i &apos;m standing on this stage because i &apos;m beautiful , a white woman , and in the model industry , we call it a girl .
exactly .
and of course , everything in africa is good .
it was , &quot; how am i going to get and go ? &quot;
only one explanation : the staircase that goes from .
you know ? i can become anyone .
it &apos;s not that point that i &apos;ve found these pictures are right now , a relative chunk of individuals .
i wanted it to be understood by the public .
but if nobody gave them that , if they don &apos;t see the effects of their own mind and the body , they &apos;re going to eat anything else .
this is how i helped other victims , and this is my final request .
when the village is free , free  UNK  roamed .
i asked them to send them a pause , and i kept on , but what i got was a simple answer .
the solution to the problem is to infect the sugars from asphalt .
every son from six to six-year-olds , in my community , in my community , to hold my left jaw , and i have to do the same .
so the  UNK  meetings combined together , and they &apos;re going to see what &apos;s called  UNK  , and they so , they , in los angeles los angeles , as if that &apos;s going to solve the problems that are really going on in the city .
and then , according to the word &quot;  UNK  &quot; is known in the tradition of abraham traditions as &quot;  UNK  &quot; -- &quot;  UNK  -- the symbol of female  UNK  , who are reclaiming women who speak men and women , from new tribe , invited to birth .
she &apos;s saved from a village .
these spaces are shared as we are better than the things that happens to us as individuals as individuals and as a community , and with more ways to share hope , fear and narratives , those people around us , can help us make better lives better , they can help us better life better .
i am a south korea north korea north korea ?
you know , don &apos;t , don &apos;t , and then you see , and then you see that before , but you stop .
six months at the top of you ,  UNK  volunteers have been involved in  UNK  , in hundreds , hundreds of people who have lost their books over the last photo , most of the vast majority of you have come back with their wives , this is very important .
so , of course , there &apos;s still a lot of failure , and that &apos;s caused by this kind of  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
i &apos;m 22 years old , living in the united states , women age 16 singers to three times more than a domestic family member of women , and in 500 women and girls have been killed every year by the  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  in the united states .
so today , for me , is not what &apos;s wrong with all sincerity .
don &apos;t have to come up with a community with ideas , you sit with the locals .
i really believe , if we judge people unlike human beings , then it &apos;s very hard to  UNK   UNK  crime .
and so , for scientists , engineers and engineers , when you translate this equations , by astrology , or  UNK  .
it has been in small rooms ,  UNK  , girls , young men and daughter , some seven years old , beaten up to clients , even though they buy wine wine and food .
when i look across the pictures , there were some of the more than a hundred years old , some of the  UNK  in the  UNK  hall . i thought , is a british harris that i can repair my body and swipe that rock , and i know , hundreds of other people can do it .
the collapse of the wall wall may not exist .
&quot; just keep tossing time to save people from starvation . &quot;
the other side of the planet , whether in the moment , our basic needs are the same , right ? &quot;
and the garden , it was very beautiful .
so i installed the lights . you can see in the following , they &apos;re the  UNK  .
i see the  UNK  centers that was like starbucks .
this morning , the guy who runs a tree out of the floor , and said , &quot; can we be able to visualize a picture without thinking ? &quot;
so with the help of the old friends and every day , i went to one side of this building into a giant giant piece of clay -- and before it says , &quot; before i die , i want to go , &quot; to be anyone who &apos;s gone through the most part of their bodies , their lives of their lives , and share their personal lives in public space .
they &apos;re really bad  UNK  .
you don &apos;t want to play all the other baby , and in fact , you seem to be interested in anything to anything else .
and then you have to tell you the truth of business .
so i took a piece of battery car a car that wraps a box there , and it &apos;s a device device that found found in a helmet , and it helps the  UNK  people , when they wanted to be bad , when they want .
and since then , the beginning of the world &apos;s modern world .
you have to create a new context .
i &apos;m going to talk about that .
i mean , well , why not ?
the  UNK  like us are  UNK  ,  UNK  , and we only have two ways to treat with others , or , or
i think it &apos;s just the secret to help us open the door and see the  UNK  of science and technology .
it should have to give it a blind person , and i just showed you the effectiveness of therapy therapy therapy .
and i said , &quot; okay . bring me . &quot;
and he shared it in a way that doesn &apos;t matter what it doesn &apos;t matter .
because truth fact , i was a jewish victim of family violence that i ended up in the first person of domestic violence from domestic violence .
when you go back home , let &apos;s say to your representatives that it &apos;s because of these companies and  UNK  can sustain hold in particular information , although they don &apos;t necessarily have to do this .
when i &apos;m going to talk about this talk , i discovered 98 percent of girls who were 13 years old in the united states that didn &apos;t like my body , and that &apos;s up to 78 percent when they were 17 years old .
thank you .
they will be  UNK  in the horse .
i &apos;m not going to tell you what the damage has been done .
and on top of a cd , what i &apos;ve got to get there .
when i was 11 years old , i remember a morning , i woke up in my morning i woke up in my house .
the national park is not  UNK  on the area above the south , which means that wildlife wildlife appear to escape from the park .
i was extremely lucky to get a lot of help and help my entire life in my lifetime , so i wanted to be able to be able to bring them to a country to develop a country to develop with the support of international affairs .
and these information were stored in at least six months in europe , until two tons .
so i &apos;m a global fan of  UNK  , which is this global movement to educate women .
and i got a light-controlled to switch off and open .
that &apos;s just what i feel when i feel fluent with students , and i was amazed by their ideas , and i wanted other individuals who have this experience .
i was able to walk away , because of the  UNK  cemetery that dragged my discomfort .
osama is my art . i work in my work .
and in india and nepal , i got a black hole .
i see that the americans see  UNK  ,  UNK  .
but the most controversial thing to me in the first wood was that he was smart , and he looked like a farmer .
look for her book .
if you have access to this information , you can see the work of the community , society .
he did this thing at the beginning by my way .
you can see here how many thousands of people stand up and protesters for change .
UNK  is also a great history of important importance .
food is a problem and food is the solution .
photography is my passion for me since i &apos;m big enough to hold a camera , but i want to share with you the 15 15 photos that i &apos;m most passionate about , and i &apos;m not
and of course , the surgery of surgery , or the  UNK  of the veil of music that i have two days to take pictures , there are very few things that we can do to transform their appearance , and their own , even though , it has a huge impact on our lives .
so i broke my silence .
there &apos;s no technology to do that .
i didn &apos;t know that the second phase of the victims were victims .
&quot; i &apos;m going to kill the north korea . &quot;
you need to hospitals to do that . it &apos;s very expensive , it means that this test out of the clinical trials , it &apos;s never been done .
when the stomach began the soil , and then the red , and the red line , only through a night , it &apos;s about 200 yards from under the river and the  UNK  .
we happened to go back to new york city a year later , so we decided to take another picture .
even he washed up into my head , pushing me down on the floor , threatening to kill my dinner , the the key to my car , when i was driving by the car when i was driving on the airport , where i was driving a truck , where i was wearing on a bench , where i was wearing a  UNK  guest .
you &apos;re not interested in religion , and understand understand : she won &apos;t lie .
and every day , every day we woke up to the rule of the authorities and the security guard on the human rights with the prisoners of war .
and i realized : one of the most important things we create .
so , for example , if , for example , storytelling , it &apos;s a tendency to engage and make us excited about what you say .
we started dating , and he loved me every day that i was smart , that i chose to harvard , that i had backed up with girls and i work .
the reason is that they were being manipulated , and they were  UNK  , because there were  UNK  in between humans and the wildlife world , but the community of  UNK  communities are using these pesticides , but they were victims of victims .
thank you very much . ensemble  UNK  .
the aspiration of the woman is for the well-being of self .
it &apos;s happening everywhere .
so i helped build the kickstarter , the first school , and the only one school for my daughter in afghanistan , a country that was still dangerous for girls to school .
so how do we do this  UNK  , where happens ?
we had about 50 people to join , and all of them are voluntary .
on april 13 , i went to the  UNK  town .
when i was a teenager , i sat a car with a very soothing person who was a terrifying , and i saw it , and we saw it , and we had picked up , and all i had been stopped , and all i had said , &quot; sorry , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know , &quot; you know
it &apos;s outside your control , and it &apos;s great , but it &apos;s not a career path .
for example , the proportion of obesity , in sub-saharan africa in albania , for example , that &apos;s about 16 miles away .
over time , a lot of data , a lot of images are sent on , and need to add those who claim , milk , once again , i went on facebook and instantly , for the next year , i found that people who wanted to help from 12 different countries .
and i want to share some of what you write on the wall .
a few days later , when you &apos;re driving home after  UNK  , he &apos;s tired of the car , and he threw it on a car bag , and he threw it on the other toilet foods on my face .
we talked to people , &quot; oh my god , the  UNK  . &quot;
i &apos;m talking about on a  UNK  , has a kind of paper written , and i find myself , my use of my frustrations , like my father &apos;s voice , and she grabs my two fingers around me , and i can stop my wife because i can &apos;t breath away , screaming , and he stopped  UNK  to my head on the wall .
UNK  is used in the process .
but the north koreans were not .
over the top of the global corporation that helped him over the &apos; 90s , hundreds of photos that were completely independent and  UNK  .
and i put everything .
thank you .
i helped stop  UNK   UNK  , a giant  UNK  .
you may be agree with me this is a nice road .
it &apos;s not severely damaging , but it has been displaced countries to hide her face , had to be corrected and precision .
so , for example , i &apos;m waiting for the rest of all cultures in my culture .
150 years ago , a  UNK   UNK  four times more than the u.s. government worker .
because in south korea , english has been very important , so i started learning english , my third language .
this is my little bit later , photographed by three months ago .
i was incredibly scared , and it felt like i found myself .
we didn &apos;t have any infrastructure whatsoever .
the next step in this tradition is how to disrupt the violence and see how she works .
the same as an artist , the bow for the walls , i , i kind of  UNK  ,  UNK  .
so this is the first principle of aid .
you can &apos;t get worse worse , and that &apos;s the prophecy from charles darwin .
these are images that are used up , and it was used by a group of professionals , the  UNK  ,  UNK  , and ,  UNK  and all the  UNK  , and the and they , and they , and they create this . that &apos;s not me .
maybe we &apos;ll be born and george washington  UNK  .
and across europe , the people stood up and said , &quot; we don &apos;t want that . &quot;
and let &apos;s turn it into your weapon .
this museum of mushroom on the road is there .
so what is  UNK  ?
there is a functioning operating system .
you can even know what i &apos;m  UNK  me on the  UNK  train , and then the same i i call the communication between those two places .
the man who i loved more than everyone was clinging to the head of the head and killing the dead man who knows what i didn &apos;t remember .
k today trade service trade , goods that make a value , but they create them .
that &apos;s why the man in africa is called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; uncle .
we need to measure complexity , and then finally , the only way we know when we actually have treatment , is when we have a french language that will be able to answer .
it &apos;s a way that we use time for a week of week , thinking about our time and how we shift in every year , not just the physical eye , but it &apos;s about .
for me , afghanistan is a country of hope , ability to limit the limit , and every day of  UNK  school  UNK  reminds me about it .
and now these things see in new york is universities , because they &apos;ve decided to school in new york .
the biggest company , the biggest company , has the ability to do three things : the product you want you to , you have to have a  UNK  strategy , and you have to have a  UNK  financial foundation .
as you can see , you can see the solar panel in the motorcycles , and the battery you can touch the battery , and the battery is that battery you can see it .
i know that we &apos;re entering a personal journey , but i &apos;m a little girl .
so on a night , i &apos;m holding a tree placed around the shore , at the same time , but they &apos;re not black .
there was another moment when i was awake at the hood in los angeles in los angeles .
the sensors that can make pressure , especially steel vibrations .
he was not interested in my state , because i was the first woman , and i was the first woman to give him in the streets in kabul .
also a wonderful group of amazing women , i joined the  UNK   UNK  women because of a  UNK  of civil society , leaders from each other species in society , to movement for the social empowerment for women , and to empower our rights were allowed to participate in democracy and peacekeepers .
never before i said , &quot; and &quot; we have 32 times .
after two hours , half of the sudden anniversary of the soil , in front of us in front of us in front of us in front of them , and in front of us is a buffer surrounding hole , and they &apos;re full of slaves .
it &apos;s incredibly vulnerable to these  UNK  images .
what we did was working on a team -- and to do that , you had to create a social structure that didn &apos;t exist .
the story starts when i went to new york city to join in a speech , and my wife took this picture i was holding my daughter on my first birthday day , and we were standing on the line of tracks and five .
now this is where you &apos;re eight in 1926 , the merchant of water is on the head , and the great news is that , when you and i &apos;m talking about today , is being reunited with your family , and better , your family are released with tools to make and be safe .
heat heat and dust that my camera was so hot , so that my camera was hot , because you can &apos;t touch the helmet .
and then , instead , don &apos;t use  UNK  .
i see young people who wanted to work , but they were stuck with something -- i see these kids all the colors and they just showed the path that had been stated , but not staged .
hello . this is my cell phone .
life and in the age of time technology is not conflict .
we didn &apos;t have rights rights .
this is one of the first images that i &apos;ve ever taken , and it &apos;s the first time i took that photo , and i didn &apos;t even have the lumps .
a lot of northern north korea are being able to divide their family , and when they came to another country , they had to start off at very little or less money .
and when we do that , who knows ?
they &apos;ve been extinct . extinct .
in  UNK  , i was implanted by the women who had been slavery .
writing back to their lives as happy as happy , cruel to the future .
as you can see , the lights bounced outwards , because that &apos;s the money .
this is where i live . i live in kenya in south africa .
but this person didn &apos;t have , they  UNK  , they wanted to pay , the women in the middle and the people who were in the middle of the people who were  UNK  people , and the people in the scene it didn &apos;t help them , the people that they  UNK  their  UNK  , their  UNK  , they make them , and make sure they , and
but then i said , i wanted to get this information .
but yeah , i &apos;m sure this is a graduate student college .
also , the  UNK  also produced a lot of noise .
the other question that people ask ask , why do you go ?
they said , we didn &apos;t want this archive .
then , when you go back home , tell your friends that the privacy is the value of a 21st century , and that isn &apos;t obsolete .
if you don &apos;t want to do , so what do you have to do ?
and if you use the cell phone , this is where the problem is .
they did .
and so the animal animals like lions , and this is what they &apos;re doing .
the  UNK  , human beings . people are brothers .
but then i said , i wanted to get this information , because they &apos;re my life .
when i talk to you today , these guys are still behind in that hole , the life that can &apos;t have or or  UNK  , and usually it will die .
so i asked asked him to use multimedia ,  UNK   UNK  , who received the largest service provider at the time , and i asked them , please , please send me all my entire information that they &apos;ve done .
but they &apos;re different .
now , i &apos;m not  UNK  energy , but we need to collaborate with government , because the engine is causing these birds into this . they cut .
they know they will be seen by people who are out there , like you .
the north koreans have suffered his identity and struggle for survival is a tragedy .
i heard this voice , but it was almost identical to the  UNK  of  UNK  and  UNK  and  UNK  .
and this is how i in that land .
i think what they want to hear is &quot; if you &apos;re a little bit higher , and your hair  UNK  , you will be happy and fun . &quot;
and i was excited to see how my students came to my school with therapy .
there are lots of ways that people around us can help improve our lives .
i met  UNK  in a night night , season and cold .
my school school is now starting to help by  UNK  and raise awareness .
why should women stay with them ?
now i want to introduce you with my brother .
i  UNK   UNK  when i saw this happening .
you can see that there &apos;s a narrow  UNK  , so some people in northern north carolina .
there &apos;s only one thing that all of the companies had in the world has had , and one single one is : not a company that starts with one person .
like every single person , i put a  UNK   UNK  on top of it , it &apos;s been punched into a log cabin , i almost almost can &apos;t look at the  UNK  bricks , but i almost almost can &apos;t look at the  UNK  gods that are scattered  UNK  sculptures of jets , and hundreds of feet down to the ground .
in fact , most of them were taken by those decisions that went through .
but the next answer i really want to say to these girls girls are : &quot; why ? &quot;
so there &apos;s no idea that there is no idea that there &apos;s understanding understanding .
you can &apos;t tell you , but i mean the joy in the way that even some of the best inventors can &apos;t do .
in japan , i was woken , we opened up the neighborhood of  UNK  , far beyond north carolina .
so i want to share the idea of an active idea in creating a memory .
here &apos;s a way to witness social media because you know what people say , who knows that if you can have access to this information .
we can all these kinds of information .
irreverence  UNK  ,  UNK  and conservatives became the icon of the enlightenment .
anyway , i am treating the other people from different cultures that they &apos;re my sister . &quot; i love them too . &quot;
because there &apos;s no way that there &apos;s no doubt that there &apos;s a number of magnitude in the region of war in the region of deforestation , and you &apos;ve got a huge  UNK  on giant  UNK  , and there &apos;s a huge  UNK   UNK  has grown up in india .
they &apos;re  UNK  , and our story , is the last thing we have fallen , and the first thing we go back .
i , hundreds of volunteers who understand that i can &apos;t just sit down at home , so i decided to join them with them bedtime .
i was married to the second person who had over 20 years and had three children .
yeah , i do mathematics mathematics and this is a good problem for anyone who can do math , is that we are like  UNK  .
i want to read an email to end this talk , and this email from  UNK  , a man who reads him , sent me from the first day .
a year ago , i was just a boy in arkansas van my father , i had seen tandem planes , and i told myself that one day , i &apos;ll be sitting inside it .
so to do the first step forward to this , we &apos;re going to make a start to start the voice of the voice .
less than six percent of women i was in high school high school , and if my family didn &apos;t know about my learning , i became one of them .
so many years ago , i have this idea : why don &apos;t we , just one , instead of a community , and say to people , what do they do , why don &apos;t we listen to each other ? but not in the community meetings .
the  UNK  industry was usually thought to hear about slavery .
and then you need a machine , as you can see here , is used vehicles to cook -- a machine generator .
so what did we do ? we &apos;re studying these birds . we &apos;re sending the signal on them .
we &apos;re telling them about  UNK  firefighters that enriched the great creatures , and these kinds of incentives that they bring back .
thank you .
in fact , in 10 years .
my friends have traveled me .
for me , that &apos;s the sad question and the worst thing , because we , the victims of what you usually don &apos;t know : it &apos;s a bad danger to attack a  UNK  .
they are lawyers , journalists and the  UNK  , all of them , said , &quot; we don &apos;t want that . &quot;
incredible .
we need to use act like  UNK  ,  UNK  .
she &apos;s describing me that it was five years old , when stood right .
the answer is easy .
i can &apos;t live directly for them .
i thought there were just a person in africa , but then i looked at what i was looking at what i was looking at what the americans are doing , the people who were doing , the people who were doing , and then saw what they do , and i saw what they did , and i saw what they do , i felt felt proud of my project at home .
that explains why at  UNK  at  UNK   UNK  and work at the wall street and his future his energy future is relevant to him .
they help kill bacteria . they help revolutionize blood vessels that they could spread and caused vast amounts of  UNK  and  UNK  for other animals .
&quot; i don &apos;t helped her , &quot; he replied .
i joined myself in the forces in the workforce and outside libya to address the day of the day and to start with a referendum against the  UNK  regime .
my family to trust me .
they looked for pictures and album and camera and  UNK  .
they get black holes down .
for me , to wait to go to the house to really feel where you are .
i thought , oh my god , i felt very bad because they were there , and i told them that two , you know , you didn &apos;t have to do that .
a lot of it . today , most of us have a cell phone .
how do we share our memories on these buildings that are abandoned , and they better know better than our landscapes ?
when i was 22 years old , i graduated from college .
we can do this disruptive gem with low cost to clinical trials , which is mainly on top of the digital age in the first time .
because i want to show everyone what the data is really like .
it &apos;s certainly possible to say &quot;  UNK  and  UNK  . &quot;
this high shoes are not geared on the top , and i &apos;m not going to show them .
this drug has been punched in the u.s. industry in india that they did .
today i &apos;m 22 years old .
that &apos;s the only way that we can go .
if no , the girl in the dish is not going to look like you , and certainly it doesn &apos;t seem like bad .
the people who &apos;s usually have to do with sex in your hands of customers .
when i was growing up , i became more different , and the difference was clearer .
afghanistan are looking differently in the united states .
when i came back in afghanistan , my grandfather was killed by his family because he dared to his father , who was one of the first people that i &apos;m proud .
he sat next to me in the new york city , and he was reunited with me .
we are a group of sharing of them , including the people from many different lives , from every place in the city , and they &apos;re totally miserable , and everything we &apos;re all free .
so i grew up with  UNK  .
a new family as a pediatric family for business entrepreneur , doctor home to the job , who &apos;s sitting in your house , in your kitchen , in the coffee , and help you find find resources resources to make your mind into a living condition .
let &apos;s go back at that time , in this city .
i felt like that , for example , new orleans had a procession .
because , you see , at least , we ate  UNK  .
after 1,300 33 years , i went back to libya , with my childhood enthusiasm , and i started professionally  UNK  training , develop human rights .
the foreign fighters protect us communities and cattle , and this is very interesting about this issue .
that &apos;s when seven o &apos;clock when i was wearing a sleeping t-shirt .
in school , we spend a lot of time to study the entire life of cyber weapons , gun , but not to learn more about the world outside of the outside world , except for america , korea and japan are our enemy .
i remember when i look at my eyes eyes , their blood , because they were at the bottom of a half .
we have the concept of people who are victims about victims like the headlines , but women are incarcerated , but they &apos;re doing hurt .
have you ever wondered why they call them &quot; sonicate ? &quot;
one of them is this guy .
these vaccinators were  UNK  in slave in a different area of ghana .
there are starfish .
these girls were very lucky .
we had an airplane in the hands .
every one introduces a band of someone or something , a place , a relationship .
it &apos;s kind of spooky .
and i was like , &quot; well , what &apos;s that ? &quot;
that &apos;s good word to become a happy symbol of new hope to my grandchildren and even the older people who we were so badly , and he gave me a good benefit from the denisovans and the international community of the international community is that the doctors that we were looking for .
anyone who or healthier or parkinson &apos;s disease can call me with cheap cheap , and to shut down , and a few cents every time , and i &apos;m really pleased to announce that we have reached the percent target in the last eight hours .
&quot; before i die , i wanted to be saved for millions . &quot;
after the conversation , i saw horror and really embarrassed because there &apos;s a lack of understanding of this increase in my life , and i thought , if i had no idea , how many people wouldn &apos;t know ?
when charles darwin passed the south pacific in  UNK   UNK  , he saw  UNK   UNK  , and he said , &quot; these birds are so sharp with the head of plastic toys that made out of  UNK  .
one argues that tells us know that there are over 27 million people who are turned into the world today .
and we went on to the border border , but i had to use almost the whole amount of money that i had to make a carpenter .
i &apos;m not trying to inspire you with the success story of creating a  UNK  list and the elections .
he &apos;s got the wooden team of this project , my life took the big picture of a big backseat and  UNK   UNK  like the gold of the gold , and he seems very sweet .
in the dominant culture , they are very important . they say , at the workplace , there are no exceptions to get dead , or not to stop them , so that the  UNK  provide a system of natural waste system .
and the red box makes it off .
all of that is completely remixable with your cellphone .
we &apos;re trying to recognize their basic framework , and in the oil where they come .
the idea of finding a radical technology has completely blurred above all , and there are very little factory in sports .
i did this project last year , and began to get hundreds of letters that people from people who wanted to make a wall in their communities , so the colleagues were the center of the center and so i made a tool , and now the walls that were being done in the country in the world , including the country , south africa -- australia and  UNK  .
in the netherlands ,  UNK  .
and then i wondered , what do i do with this ?
they also have been linked to disney -- by an introvert ,  UNK  ,  UNK  .
we are soil .
in his own english mania and a dictionary , i told him my family &apos;s family . not a little bit , a man , who had traveled to pay for a lot of money to pay for all the money to my family and other two other people to get out of jail .
and he also created the the air that we believe in our own  UNK  by  UNK  our own thoughts , that he &apos;s as a child from the four years old age of  UNK  and  UNK  and his  UNK  , he , he , he , he , he and he has nearly 20 years to build her life expectancy .
the last question that people ask me is , &quot; what does it feel when you &apos;re color ? &quot;
they pasted me down the stairs and down the basement down into the basement , or in the light .
UNK  can affect your daughter , your sister friend , your best friend right now .
she had many cattle had been murdered , and she asked me if i could help her  UNK  .
the school in one house , more than 100 of us are in a living room .
is a list of  UNK  and  UNK  and candidates of candidates and women peacekeepers and peace for this country ?
they had  UNK  a mirror in terms of unimpressed with the  UNK  dictator of  UNK  .
i was so proud of my country .
the drone that even told me and said that they were happy and loved what we &apos;re doing .
what &apos;s the endgame ?
my family was not poor , and i had never been waiting for my life .
the openings are made of them in styrofoam they were executed on the tarmac , and the kids who were  UNK  , and they were terrified that were terrified in belgium to  UNK  .
i felt ashamed when i saw people who were at the top of the top to me , and that just kept the reason for me to do this . everybody asks me to me , &quot;  UNK  , you &apos;re not afraid of the world people will steal your food ? &quot;
the next question that i was asked was asked , &quot; are you for free ? &quot;
for a year , i had 27 27 projects and the government came to me , &quot; how do you do that ?
it &apos;s like like 45 million other americans , i live in a food deserts . in los angeles los angeles , sitting on the floor of the bus , and on the floor of the helmet and the  UNK  crash .
we &apos;ve never met any individual in the world , who &apos;s probably able to do , and then you can afford money .
images is very powerful , but it &apos;s also a fake .
i don &apos;t know what you know , but beyond these 15 , i &apos;m not going to cover many of my family .
what i didn &apos;t have , again , was a bow strapped in my head because someone said he loved me .
well , i can &apos;t even claim that there &apos;s some tough moments in my family , but the moment i &apos;ve always felt like me .
when we describe science , let &apos;s be careful .
it &apos;s clear that he can talk about problems that didn &apos;t make an idea .
the north koreans had to cross past the distances to seem to be free .
a tree called  UNK  , and he &apos;s the third side of him .
for the last 28 years , i collected the document of local farming in over 70 countries , six years , and in 2009 , i had the caregiver to be the only one who at the cavendish conference in kenya .
so the green land continues to about 20 feet .
why science is related to us .
so today i &apos;m going to try try to explain what you do .
in our increased age , this is more important than ever before to figure out how to restore the way to suckle and to think that life is short and round .
over the past years has been tremendous improvements in treatment .
what is the yellow shadow ? you see that on the mountain has disappeared .
and we started talking about slavery , and indeed , i started to study about because i knew that it existed in the world , but it didn &apos;t .
and the noise disappeared .
on the first weekend there , i went to help an  UNK  center in town .
i started as an experiment in  UNK  , west virginia .
but instead , we kill off everything we got in .
i always wondered whether why they have electricity .
and as we were later , and we gave the answer to the answer .
when i was 27 years old , i decided to speak up with people , and i created a system called  UNK   UNK  , where you would not going to do anything you didn &apos;t have , but i became an  UNK  for a  UNK  assault , who &apos;s the founder of indigenous people who wanted to be a better person .
and we &apos;re continuing to ask , why ?
in a tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seed .
once , our car has been  UNK  and neglected by an indian police officer .
the  UNK  was  UNK  in silence .
it &apos;s information about all of us .
this is  UNK  . when his father died , he &apos;s got his wife .
first of all , why do they get bad ?
it took two times in  UNK  .
for her , after all , these pictures are the perfect gift for him , something that it can come back , to remember the past days before jesus before that , when the entire life is destroyed .
almost 200 of the organization is allocated in  UNK  during that time and days after  UNK  -- near 300 degrees at  UNK  .
tens of tens of thousands of people were executed in  UNK  , in restaurants ,  UNK   UNK  in the house , and the list of them .
if the kids look in the rain , they repel .
it &apos;s kind of silence in summer , but the summer is extremely hot .
thank you very much .
i hope those pictures will make a source of power in the viewer , people like you , and hopefully that power will flow fire , the red will be  UNK  into the  UNK  , because there &apos;s no light , the  UNK  of animal is going to continue alive in the darkness .
and i was saying that i wanted to be was when they were growing up when i was growing up in the same place where they wanted to be the lottery when i was growing up .
there was no big windows window .
i don &apos;t know if he &apos;s bullying me .
so i &apos;m actually in the company company .
when the baby is alive , to keep her life , and they all over it all , everything is all left behind .
but i hope that day can leave behind this house and go to tell where we &apos;re paid .
the first rule of aid is respected .
i believe that the open source of the world comes to the world is the ability to communicate .
these are the idea that the country that the country has been destroyed as the destruction of destruction that the absolute defense needs to achieve peace .
finally , our initiatives have been  UNK  and success .
describe the story of their story .
if you have access to information , you can control the whole society .
and how do we share a lot more of our hopes for those stores bubbles that are in our pockets , so our communities can reflect our need and our dreams ?
a real school .
i was my big dream , my family  UNK  for me larger .
i &apos;m here to admit that we had all the country made the wrong mistake , decided to mistake .
we wanted to have autonomy in the digital age of digital technology , and we didn &apos;t want the public companies and the service provider would gather all of their information .
i don &apos;t remember whether i &apos;m going to break down some enlarged -- that &apos;s my mind , but i remember the last year of every song in my ipod , my talk , from my talk , my  UNK  on the seventh day , my  UNK  birthday on the first day , my birthday .
i want all of us to become green  UNK  ,  UNK  cocktails .
i told myself , i &apos;m the person on earth , with the man who beat me , but in fact , i was a jewish victim .
so -- the government said to me , &quot; go ahead . &quot;
so what i want to do here , we &apos;re going to do it .
i have kids for the black hills and i have  UNK  .
i wanted them to take them , but at the same time , i wanted them to get their health . &quot;
i &apos;ve never forget my grandmother &apos;s daughter -- she died in the hood : &quot; hey , please fight against  UNK  . let &apos;s fight him .
we &apos;ve done all over the world around the world .
from a young age , i was working in my room every day , and i even had the radio shots of my mom , on the day that i had killed me , but i learned a lot about electricity .
the woman brought us these photographs , and when they were able to recover .
and there was six years to  UNK  under a  UNK  monk in ghana .
i had the opportunity to come here with the first time to get to ted .
it &apos;s like a slide like this , not only don &apos;t just don &apos;t laugh , but it &apos;s excessive too many , many parts of the language in the language of the brain , making us feel sweet .
but i struggled to keep the corner of my daily life .
what do you in your mobile phone ?
first of all , you have to bring them security .
you can zoom in a or store it , you can also go back again or faster .
thank you .
at the lab we &apos;ve been doing so many , and then the government , they actually see results . and they say , &quot; well , how it is . &quot;
i hope that you look at -- these pictures are not my images .
what &apos;s the next invention in your list ?
i also realized a huge gap between north and north korea .
for the treatment of peace , stability or security security .
i went to many villages in india , where many families were doing in  UNK  .
now , all these pictures were broken water , polluted water , polluted in brine , covered in bacteria , covered in bacteria , they were covered by microbes , in the oil , sometimes during the oil , sometimes during a long time , and they had a very large part of the project .
i live in southern province .
when we picked up the pictures from us , she shared a little bit of their story .
we see  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
you can give someone an idea .
we pull them from the channel ,  UNK  .
voice becomes more and more like a half hours of time , and that &apos;s one of the symptoms of it .
in fact , many of this sphere of this person would look like this person would look like this person , who suffered t.b. and  UNK  in a few years .
who was the founder of whom ? who were somebody sent somebody emails ?
but it &apos;s so good for the parkinson &apos;s disease and the hormone disorders , they don &apos;t have biology , so there &apos;s no simple test that you can do , and the best thing we have is this kind of  UNK  .
this is not someone who doesn &apos;t look at our own .
he told us to go in the road in the woods .
he was : &quot; the taliban went off . &quot;
it &apos;s enough to grow in a million trees .
i realize that it &apos;s a different kind of magnitude in my life .
in the next 20 minutes , i had to run back to the lower car to the device so that they had to work under anesthesia , and when i was thinking , i thought , my camera can be treated much better than those other people .
UNK   UNK  . in my language , it means thank you very much .
it &apos;s built built from asphalt , and sputnik is a  UNK  material that runs through it , and it &apos;s not always done , particularly in those days today .
and then when he looked at princeton , steve wozniak wrote a article about it , and you with the bbc , and then one of the members of the green lines send a petition on the  UNK  . and with successive cycles , we were succeeding .
&quot; before i die , i want to complete myself . &quot;
UNK  live and  UNK  in their world their lives , with their own norms , and i saw the taboos in the world , like the  UNK  around the room , and you can stare at the washing machine and eat whatever
i &apos;ve just changed the whole thing that you think of about six seconds .
instead ,  UNK  has taken home into a friday night and he told me that he was going to be true for his dream work , and he said that he didn &apos;t need to prove myself in the wall street anymore , and he just felt that you don &apos;t need to schlep myself in wall street , and he just wanted to go from this town , and his wife , went to a small town in new england where he can start to your life with me .
the book was published in 2009 .
over the last four decades , the authoritarian prevailed of  UNK  had compromised infrastructure and the culture of social justice .
it takes time .
you can see every step of my walk .
so this is not .
and i wondered , how do you feel that there &apos;s no good food for your health , when you get out of your eyes , you know , when you get out of your food systems , where the food system systems are going to say ?
they are delicacies .
one morning that i can &apos;t forget .
all the same on the tiles , and maybe we can love to feel like that death will be very close to me .
but that &apos;s not all about that .
and indeed , the conclusion is to study this research is that if we reduce the four four years in the machine -- this is a big version of what we built it -- if we were four years old , we were able to do twice the lifespan of the road , then we save more money .
we have the incredible  UNK  tomatoes . in italy , a tomato beer only about this ice shelf , at the bottom , it &apos;s .
and i always said , &quot; oh , i was discovered , &quot; but it &apos;s nothing .
and you have to struggle for it every day .
today i just have a request .
that &apos;s about knowing that you &apos;re not only one .
millions of individuals in different individuals , which is why  UNK  is very different .
we always wondered what we know about us .
and , what i like most is , especially  UNK  .
because that &apos;s the first time i know that my fellow is suffering .
why is this society we continue to be a social revolution and dominated by the selfish of democracy and  UNK  , because both sexes and females ?
take it now .
i moved to new york city to work on the first job and  UNK  magazine magazine .
are you going to be someone if somebody stands up and change your life ?
needs to note that these panels are close to  UNK  when they are .
what i do , and what i &apos;ve done about -- my life -- i &apos;ve been shaped in seven years working in africa .
i don &apos;t know that this is fascinating , when you hear your story .
these folks didn &apos;t have any imperfections , when we talk about the hard topic , that needs to be  UNK  , including the  UNK  of sexual exploitation .
please -- don &apos;t tell me .
i didn &apos;t know what to come from this trial , but in the next day , the sculpture was completely  UNK  , and it continued to grow .
because the border from north polar 17th century , couldn &apos;t , so i had to go to china china and left the north border north .
and i &apos;m here today .
it starts  UNK   UNK  , so a couple of weeks later , i flew to los angeles to meet the director of the  UNK  show and asked them to help them .
now , of course , these brain-dead people are interested in doing this work , so we &apos;re waiting for them , and sometimes they get them to work .
thank you very much . thank you .
the next question that everybody always asks me , &quot; can you become the when the big ? &quot;
&quot; before i die , i want to hug . &quot;
in los angeles , people are dying of preventable diseases .
entrepreneurs have never gone , and they didn &apos;t tell you , in the community meeting , what they wanted to do with my money , the opportunity that they found .
so i got this  UNK  brown crate with a cd inside .
while i was very lucky , because i was released a lot of my people couldn &apos;t .
they &apos;ve identified a  UNK  guest from east to the west and to the south .
UNK  information .
you have the power to end domestic violence by putting into a light .
if you want to meet me , or your garden with your  UNK  , and we &apos;ll look in something .
i always felt the photographer .
we did a study , and we looked around 100 trillion companies in the world ,  UNK  , president , ford , all the new , google .
and then some of you guys calling me , they call them together .
it becomes very sacred to us .
because if they see something that doesn &apos;t naturally , i &apos;m going to be vacated in the fall and fall in water .
UNK  is the symbol of the defenders and the mother , and with  UNK  abortion , they are  UNK  to the  UNK  &amp; amp ; &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
so they &apos;re on the road .
we &apos;re going to change the concept of  UNK  .
they collect collected and  UNK  them in places around the streets .
this is the blood pattern .
i was in a tough situation where , as an intensified environment , a  UNK  environment caused by the  UNK  of politically  UNK  and  UNK  .
my father was listening to the bbc news on his  UNK  .
but today , many generations have been trained as many as many generations as it &apos;s 18 degrees .
the neighbors tell you about this idea .
yes , dance is one of the most active activities .
we &apos;ve taken a lot of samples from this road and we put them in the lab .
we can do that again .
i was thrown out of the lake , and they were home , but they probably would never be home , because they were  UNK  .
i live in new york city , and in the last few years , in a thousand miles of incarceration , and  UNK  , which is 86 percent of blacks and muslims , most young people .
but beyond the  UNK  and the  UNK  and  UNK  and  UNK  , a  UNK  , , a a a little bit a little bit of a life not a life without bias , a man who doesn &apos;t surprise us .
recently , in a trip , we &apos;re walking , and my daughter suddenly stop the road , and it &apos;s only that red blood vessel of the store that it was very interested in our past .
some of the north koreans in china has been the foreign fighters to live abroad , but many of them were arrested by china and belgium .
it &apos;s plastic plastic , as i said , you &apos;ve got a little tiny amount of candy dragging in the rocks .
because my family didn &apos;t know the chinese language , so i had to walk down to 2,000 2,000 miles across china in china .
and then another day we woke up with the president of military soldiers soldiers .
the whole idea is .
who sent sent messages messages ?
you may know that somebody who has joined in this field , and if you know , who knows that the leader is true , it will never be possible .
it &apos;s inflated over long , long  UNK  .
together we can make our sleep bed and our family become plentiful and secure .
however , after we went through the border , my family had been caught in jail since i had failed .
&quot; oh , no , i can &apos;t do this . &quot; do you want to find somebody else for you ? &quot;
you know what love is .
there is one of the public meetings .
never , i can imagine that i &apos;m going to have to pass away from 14 years .
i &apos;m going to tell you why .
it &apos;s the basis of some people , &quot; here &apos;s her words , &quot; as if the victim have chosen to love man to love us .
so , why is it important ? well , first , they provide humane services . they go .
every year , many of north koreans were killed in china and belgium in belgium , where they were tortured , or hospital-acquired or executed .
they were on the first day , and i saw  UNK  , and then they come back , and the second day , they came up and said that this is not moving .
he kept 200 trees in our sled .
maybe one hour . it took a week .
the interesting thing about sustainability , is that you have to keep it .
if you &apos;re going to be here right here , it &apos;s like a light shape of beauty , and when you say , &quot; you know , you know , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know , i mean , you know
when you walk out of this room , you get the information about  UNK  , but your dog , your neighbor , your neighbor .
i went through a recession crisis .
thank you .
take the course of &quot; willful &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; term &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &apos; &quot; &apos; &quot; &apos; &quot; and &quot; &apos; &quot; &apos; cause &quot;  UNK  &apos; &quot; and &quot; for &quot; admiration , &quot; sharing sharing explanations for audiences , and then you &quot; what &apos;s passion for you in the audience , and i &apos;m going to show you the results that i &apos;m going
&quot; before i die , i want in a tree . &quot;
he doesn &apos;t start alone .
think about it ?
so the first thing i want to talk to you is the violence of violence , and all of religion , every income level of education and education .
thank you .
but many people died .
bubbles bubbles and  UNK   UNK  to make them think that i was walking around the shore , but actually i was sleeping on my bed .
i now have noticed that afghanistan , and this is what &apos;s often overlooked in the west , is that most of the people we are as an honor of their girlfriends and who see their daughters as their own success .
i didn &apos;t know what happened in that time .
it &apos;s about creating space to reflect and admit , and remember that what &apos;s really meaningful means to us when we grow and change .
this was taken a couple of weeks after 9 / 11 , and i tried to explain what that happened in a way that five years ago .
do they have been watching ?
you &apos;re going to be surprising to what they can do if you turn them into a few .
j yeah . he &apos;s ready .
the low cost , and we all know what happens .
UNK  defeated attack me on our wedding .
and he says that he needs these trucks because because he had experienced in the past as a child .
i left my mouth , and listen to them . &quot;
i want to take all the names -- it &apos;s for them and turn them into law enforcement health care .
because at that time , the constitutional constitution in the aftermath reported that the european commission of india has no money in the constitution of germany .
my greatest dream was to be an industrial engineer and pilots .
so today i want to encourage everyone to come up or people in the photo , and don &apos;t panic for me to somebody , and asks , &quot; do you take us ? &quot;
and i realized that this has to stop .
one day , the nightmare was made in fact , i was attacked the chinese police , and i was beaten the chinese police and brought into the police department .
this child &apos;s eight years old .
they &apos;re very elegant . charles darwin talked about his team because he saw all of the virgins that i needed wanted to come from a moment in the sky .
UNK  trust me , as a writer and a woman in a way that nobody had ever had .
but mostly it &apos;s difficult to get a legacy of gender and ethnic issues while i was one of the biggest ones .
when it &apos;s a photo array like this , it will create a huge shift in the human life .
this is where the oxygen is that the natural borders between north korea and china .
we have the chance to start looking at least biology , because before it &apos;s too late .
but we &apos;re going to take a large amount of data that collected data from all of these various cases , and the results are in because in particular case , because we &apos;re looking at the same risk factors , and to look at the order of this disease .
and i saw the same as a whole family was on a boat on the boat , two , my brothers , some of them were looking for ?
i used to hate lions , but now because my invention is saving the  UNK  of the army and lions , we can live with a  UNK  without any conflict .
hello . i am a jury , and over the course of course , i &apos;m a model .
and finally , this ballistics gelatin is going to be  UNK  .
my school group was once said , it was like a tattoo for somebody .
but the gun is actually a message for me , and even though he &apos;s holding his hand on my side , but my life in the danger of every day .
i was shocked shocked .
i &apos;m an artist .
it &apos;s about understanding people around us in new ways and termites .
it &apos;s kind of like that it &apos;s easy to pick up in the day , and forget loss that really matters to you .
if you don &apos;t , but for like the husbands and faces , will never be able to be rebuilt , only can put them together in a different sphere , and that whole whole picture .
but when i opened my dream , i &apos;ve experienced something that alice alice through her pregnancy and fall into a new world .
because the final step of the lunch lady is killed .
to change the community , you have to change the ingredient of soil .
when i came out of the  UNK  , the  UNK   UNK  .
this is belief in every country company in europe , each of the internet service internet in the netherlands , all right to have enormous amounts of information .
and i thought about death a lot , and this makes me feel gratitude to the time i have had , and to give clarity clarity for meaningful life for my life now .
and because shipping is completely  UNK  in the size of it , the infamous bin laden &apos;s all of life .
there &apos;s a new generation of people who are coming in isolation .
this piece of paper is healthy and somebody who says , and we can see ourselves as  UNK   UNK  , because we have to nurture all the  UNK  , when we all have genetic services , and all of us actually have the genes to do that .
the practice of neuroscience didn &apos;t have  UNK  . they all use infrastructure .
it &apos;s meat on the temperature of gas , warner , women , children , children , children , children , all of the family , is choking in the bush ,  UNK  , like ,  UNK  , up to the  UNK  , and  UNK  them out of these little pots , and it brought them down to a little hole in the trees .
from the sound , we really have to have the  UNK  oil when the forest , when the forest is , when , , , , , , , the
now my idea has been used all over the country to unite other animals to the other animals like the hyena , and it &apos;s also used used to treat the herd of the people .
i &apos;m going to study at the age at the time , trying to avoid far away from that reaction , which is black and tell you what to do .
yeah .
under the weather effect , the sun is , the sun , the  UNK  of chemicals , the plastic beads that separates the flow of this movement will flow , and if the lights , it &apos;s going to have a tiny pore pore .
i wanted to share some of the secret to be able to do this , to see that we realized that the scientific is compelling , compelling technology .
what he remembers , he &apos;s been arrested at work .
over 70 percent of the elderly crimes , when we were victims after the rights behind her relationship , and then afterwards afterwards , and then we told that child mortality .
the estimate that there is more than 4,000 children are doing in  UNK  , the largest lakes in the world .
what we can do is using inflatable  UNK  ice in order to  UNK   UNK  , and we cut it out of steel steel , and we jumbled little clump of plastic plastic .
so what &apos;s going to show up to asia , you want to make a crazy fence .
my grandfather was a very nice person .
two words from persian word &quot;  UNK  , &quot; which means &quot; work . &quot;
UNK  22 ,  UNK  and very handsome .
but this sounds great , right ?
you don &apos;t have the luxury of mistakes .
we activate the communities .
we &apos;re not geared to communicate with scientists and engineers to be able to change the world .
he &apos;s really good at weddings and wedding wedding .
you can become president president of the united states , or the creation of the internet , or a doctor who is a cardiologist , and it &apos;s amazing to be , because you &apos;re going to be the first person . &quot;
the most important thing is .
there was no food , the  UNK  to eat , caused by the  UNK  .
children have taken away from the family , and in addition and depression , and being caught up in the boat on this boat in this boat , even though they didn &apos;t know it .
in fact , unfortunately , when you learn to do , you can write anything else , you can &apos;t say anything , because if you say you want to be president you can president president of your friends and say , &quot; the idea of five : 10 years , &quot; you &apos;ll look at your other hand .
it took a week , she finds them and knew that all of them had survived .
i always lived in a  UNK  area that my identity is going to be detected , and i &apos;m going to be able to get back to the old life in north korea .
many women were  UNK  on the back while the gold , and  UNK  through  UNK  water .
strange is that i &apos;ve been in most of these places .
i did was feeling tired of having to drive 45 minutes minutes just to buy a  UNK  netting .
when i was going to call my third birthday of my daughter , my wife said , &quot; why don &apos;t you take a new york city only father and father , and then go on &quot; rituals &quot;
he &apos;s a big smile , which is very unusual because he likes to feel he worried .
in fact , they are the first person and the person who &apos;s offered one of the future in their morning , but in social situations like afghanistan , we need to advocate .
i have a legacy in  UNK  province .
see the daunting things like that heavy .
because it &apos;s very consolidated , all the noise will disappear , so it &apos;s very quiet .
i want to praise your perspective . that &apos;s remarkable .
my community , who says , we believe we went from all the way along with all the animals and all the rest of our kids and all the land to hold them , which is why we &apos;re very concerned about them .
we cannot afford that if you didn &apos;t have clean , it &apos;s hard and  UNK  .
despite all the things that happened , i &apos;m still sure we &apos;re going to live happily because because i loved him , and i loved my wife .
that &apos;s why after 10 years of  UNK  of my identity , decided to start to south korea , to start a new life again .
if they look in tomatoes , they will eat tomatoes .
in addition , we left the  UNK  legs , and after about one hour in the forest , the birds in the woods , the birds in the rain room , so we hid the water after the rains , so i would wait for the camera where we go to the  UNK  after the chest .
the number of people , and they were not married , and because of being executed from executed , and i was going to make it down to these little modules that i manage .
and that &apos;s a little light bulb from the battery .
and then they hop freight and kill flowers .
and if that , if the collapse of the  UNK  rift in the cold war will not exist .
she &apos;s not greedy . i did not differentiate .
when something is becoming cheap , it will be popular .
but when i came back in afghanistan , when i saw my students in their school and their parents , they encouraged them , to see them , i see a great future and change changed .
it &apos;s about the beauty of beauty that makes us all of us and that we don &apos;t think that we don &apos;t mean one of the things we don &apos;t .
so they killed lions .
there was no director of art , there were no blood , no entanglement , no  UNK  , even not interested in light .
however ,  UNK  has been  UNK  a burden , a legacy of  UNK  , corruption and denmark .
at the same time , we didn &apos;t know how fast we will change our lives .
but you have to keep it .
it means that there &apos;s another kind of deer .
there are about  UNK  of information .
thank you .
in many weeks , the volunteers and the local residents are looking for something .
you don &apos;t have to design a whole new hospital system for installations .
there &apos;s a couple of times , sat outside of a sudden after a ninth ward .
peter  UNK  , one of the greatest mentor in the history , the age of 96 , a few years ago .
&quot; before i die , i want to be  UNK  on the earth . &quot;
these pictures aren &apos;t just an object for a moment , or something that is .
richard koshalek , there is different .
in the food for the same time .
and then there was a man &apos;s one of the two year-old woman holding a child and a kid who knows how to look at her faces .
the time spent stepping out of  UNK  , is a completely different story , and it &apos;s obviously depending on his taste .
i live near this house , and i thought , how i can make it as a better place in my neighborhood , and i also think about something that can change my life forever .
fast pace , only 30 30 seconds .
for five years later , i was dressed in january of my son to walk with me , i had a secret school because i was banned from my house .
you first got a rock , and more , more and more , more , more , more , more and more , and then -- that , i won &apos;t do that .
so i had to figure out how to solve this problem .
and the trick is that using these guys and easy to hear that if they weren &apos;t going to go , and then use images in order to help us understand more deeply unexpected things .
our societal needs needs traits that are more than the numbers of numbers and numbers about sexual orientation .
women &apos;s sometimes sometimes have seen a scanner , but 10 minutes , looking for him , to photograph his images , to give us a scanner , at night , a stranger , a stranger , in a world somewhere in the world , and start to repair it .
at the end of the road , he runs the car , and then the car drivers .
we have the local residents have access to the  UNK  of a billion people on the planet .
when i was seven years old , i witnessed the first few times the first time in my life , but i still thought about my life here is completely normal .
i &apos;m here today to talk about a surprising question that the answer is irrelevant .
i discovered that lions are moving .
there &apos;s no incentive  UNK  .
no , no .
we helped  UNK  our workplaces .
but i didn &apos;t give up . i kept on thinking .
but they can break your car . so you &apos;re not happy with that .
max &apos;s yellow : yes . what happens is , when you call you whether you &apos;re sick . right .
if you tell me that the man &apos;s smart guy , funny , this is , this is , how do i come out of a walk when i was , or not , what my life is , how many of my friends , what i am i &apos;m going to hurt , who &apos;s my father &apos;s head , and i &apos;m going to hurt you , because there &apos;s no director of violence or import or  UNK  in florence .
when i work in this field , i brought in a lot of money , with the help of the people , i told the people who i i was able to see their story and their condition , and when they were , and when i was .
i was three years old when i was born and i was thrilled that there was a new person in my life .
i &apos;m not a psychopath doctor , not a social worker or social security expert .
it &apos;s called  UNK  data .
i know that there are some of you in this crowd , and you might have some sort of  UNK  tvs , like , &quot;  UNK  .  UNK  .  UNK  alaikum . &quot;
in this time , we didn &apos;t just spend a thousand dollars for a particular device , and the materials , most of the costs are .
we don &apos;t stand on everyone around the world , so there &apos;s lots and lots of  UNK  that don &apos;t know know , whether we also share public spaces .
i met these camps at four o &apos;clock in the morning , when they were holding the same hills , but they did .
and i felt that the pressure was uncomfortable in the room , because i could not wear this .
i &apos;m a kid in 1984 , and i live in cities .
you can &apos;t imagine how amazing how wonderful and how they affect the people .
and with a telephone , you can dial a song , post it up and  UNK  .
we take a  UNK  .
but since i published &quot;  UNK  , &quot; i &apos;ve heard hundreds of stories from men and women who had grandkids , who learned a learned lesson from the things that had happened , and who had to build their lives -- happy , as runners , relatives , alive , alive , alive , alive , alive .
so what i did in the first year at  UNK  in the street , and in three days i had the first batch of one day to work on my garage , called  UNK  , and i helped him go for a restaurant restaurant , and i would help him sell for a restaurant restaurant , and the other job , and then he made a heart attack came up and told him that emma helped me ?
that &apos;s what brainstorming is really true .
and i &apos;m standing on this stage because i am a model .
what do you create this technology in the revolution revolution ? the universities ? forget !
but nobody can help them , because they &apos;re all going to miss themselves and their families .
we are victims of everyone .
the project makes a huge difference in the lives of england .
we need to start to act like  UNK  and tolerance .
and you can see on this here , like 80 people on the street in white street , and they say , &quot; free , &quot; no . &quot;
how do they be gay ?
every 21 , i think , who &apos;s good guy and we &apos;re doing good in africa .
in  UNK  alibi ,  UNK   UNK  , who &apos;s the risk of bringing us to save the  UNK  from  UNK  .
and i help these people who know each other know how to work together , and you can see these tuna  UNK  aren &apos;t until the factory in  UNK  for a 60 , but we find the way you &apos;ve done to japan , with the $ 15 dollars , and then the farmers who come from , and said , &quot; hey , he helped help us . &quot;
they hardly almost no uniform at a  UNK  .
i &apos;ve been able to do all kinds of ways to get my family to the freedom , and they &apos;re almost as successful as they succeeded , but they were caught at the same time when we only had a very early days .
i see the wheelchair as a car .
however , there &apos;s a secret to work for entrepreneurs .
we don &apos;t have to go to clinic .
they wanted to be able to follow our lives , and then they wanted to record this information at every time .
so the animal here we see here . it &apos;s pretty warm .
and i thank you for him , and i asked , &quot; why do you help me ? &quot;
sometimes they create openings in the chicken .
the journey through a bus for about a week , and a few years ago .
thank you .
even when i learned from china and found a job , then my life would be completely immersed in a different way .
and so we were in the high school with these seeds in italy , in a beautiful valley that live long  UNK  , and we taught the people in the tomato sauce , and you know , and ...
since 2007 came in 1977 -- i didn &apos;t have -- first -- i worked at harvard , kenya ,  UNK  , poland , somalia , in the collaborative projects for the african countries .
when you see a  UNK  on this , the first thing in your mind is , these are creatures that are disgusting , ugly , to eat and only for your heart .
i fear that all of those changes will not be more than after the u.s. military .
if , after an amazing list , they still say , &quot; no , no , you know , i want to be the case , &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; your boss . &quot;
los angeles : the american country about the  UNK  area .
every time when we use your mobile phones ?
i don &apos;t have the citizens .
anyway , he &apos;s still free access to the help of local activists like this collaborative industry , and that &apos;s going to be like this ,  UNK  up on the face of the people , made me to yawn  UNK  .
until august , 2011 , i  UNK  myself in his new york city .
we  UNK  , who &apos;s fun .
nobody knows what we do .
if we created this material , we can find solutions .
in china , life has a child has been detached from my family .
no one started a company company . nobody .
that &apos;s equivalent to 50,000 dollars today .
and yet , as soon as i just recently used to life here , i &apos;m told a bad news .
driving drivers on the road in ghana , along with colleagues in the  UNK   UNK  , a  UNK  friend of  UNK  , it  UNK  the  UNK  , and it turns out the  UNK  ,  UNK  the  UNK  on the
so what i want to suggest for you is an expert in which we can achieve this , because as you can see , at least in a certain direction , we are all kinds of greedy  UNK  .
we can do extremely difficult for patients .
and in the dark corner , i remember feeling of fear , and that moment , i understand what &apos;s been affected by the hell .
sadly , the neurological disorders of parkinson &apos;s disease has destroyed this particular , which is what happens to you  UNK  , who you know , have a  UNK  violinist .
they were victims of vulnerability , disease and violence .
where do i come from ? and who am i ?
i &apos;m going to see a lawsuit , and they &apos;ll give me the information i asked .
i didn &apos;t give them money , nothing .
over 85 percent of human beings are men , and domestic violence are only in their relationships relationships ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , to say , in the family , where in hopes , we want to or even agree to see that violence , is a reason why it &apos;s a
even though adapt to life in 2003 , it &apos;s not easy , but i built a plan .
every day , we traveled a different path to retain any doubts about our destination .
calvin , michigan . henry ford .
so we can multiply support from the international community for education , trained english , teach listening , and lots of other fields .
thank you .
i used to be a jewish victim because i didn &apos;t know anything about domestic violence , the signal signal or lung .
the opportunity for great innovation , innovation and for change is caused by when we try to become more like another .
that &apos;s my belief , when i talk to people , let &apos;s get your own food .
they said , &quot; we don &apos;t have free .
maybe it goes for months .
the other environmental effects like this is limited , even after  UNK  abuse , beaten up  UNK  ;  UNK  from the financial resources ; the movement of the whole food system to maximize the rape and their children , these children often often tainted by their frustrations , their children , these kids often often be surrounded by the perpetrators of the time that had not seen by the men &apos;s time .
that &apos;s equivalent to 20 times the size of the park .
there are about 10,000 species in the world .
now , the last thing i want to do is to take my new york city and my dream , but i thought you &apos;ve got to sacrifice my partner , so i agreed and  UNK  , and i went back to the manhattan .
so we did it , we put a lot of flowers , put on lots of light bulbs , cordon them , activate them , activate them , and then they try and roll it again .
basically , if you want to meet me , you know , if you want to fold up , don &apos;t remind me if you want to  UNK  on the couch , and you engage in meetings where you talk about how you talk about you .
thank you .
the first question is , how do i come up ?
i was absolutely enthralled .
one is he , just like me , just recently graduated from his office and that he worked at a very  UNK  crater in wall street .
&quot; before i die , i want to live outside . &quot;
so we have a  UNK  polymer generator .
i want to show you with you .
a third of american woman has experienced a domestic violence , or  UNK  in some of my life and reports that shows 15 million children per year , 15 million .
among the amazing people who i &apos;m met in there , i met a  UNK  advocate for a  UNK  monk , a member of a  UNK  monk , which is  UNK  of the  UNK  .
i &apos;m going to prove to you -- for 10 years to experience that i can do when i think is , because it doesn &apos;t look like a bypass surgeon , should just a brief time .
this is me in a sleeping bed in front of the  UNK  .
behind me , my father &apos;s father &apos;s father , and behind her father , is the national park .
in the past decade , we &apos;ve discovered that this is not only healthy and young and the  UNK  that we &apos;re programmed for biology to aspire , but  UNK  and  UNK  and white , and white .
you can imagine , the town has been destroyed .
this character is never born .
no , they &apos;re not going to go to talk to you .
and i refused to be part of the fact that part of this was created , that was created for me by some other people , and i was making my reality .
like , i have dreams .
then they gave us a  UNK  line , 400 400 meters of  UNK   UNK  , at this time , we had to build a prototyping prototyping .
and here i am now .
some people don &apos;t even know themselves are made of slaves , they work not  UNK  , 17 hours per day , because every time they just had .
my dog is the same black hills , and i  UNK  my  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
so they can quickly get out of that block , and i started my dues .
if there &apos;s something that happens in this talk , i hope that it &apos;s all of us all feel feel comfortable when the expression of visual images of success and failures .
when i met him , he did 14 years in the mines , and the wound at the legs that you see here is from a accident in the open , a  UNK  assault to her doctor .
kofi is the embodiment of sacredness .
the restaurant restaurants , like known as well , in the places of famine .
and in that writing : when i just read these headlines , because of their families , there &apos;s nothing left behind , because even the house have nothing to eat in two weeks .
so in  UNK  , they saw this  UNK  technology that works for life in new york city .
now , i have a lot of shoes shoes that i never saw , and this is the exception , but the stuff that i &apos;ve got is what i have in real life , and that &apos;s what we don &apos;t want to music .
and what we do is to become your friends , and find what you want want to do .
thank you .
we have these volunteers groups who support their sages for  UNK   UNK  to help resources and resources and we discovered that what that means is that the word of intelligence is something like that you can challenge the culture and economics of this community , just as a result , your energy source .
&quot; why don &apos;t you tell us before ? &quot; &quot; you ever ask . &quot;
five years ago , i went through a little bit like alice on mars .
what can you do ? do you do ?
but the sound effects can actually detect in exams , in some cases , but with any digital machine , and using software  UNK  materials that are available today that we can measure exactly what might be lied to the brain in the multitude of health and disease by the way .
the awareness of destruction and challenges , i also like how many other women ,  UNK  at the social rebuilding of foreign fighters , to  UNK  and devotion to democracy and reconciliation .
in fact , hopefully it &apos;s not very much like this .
it &apos;s got stuck in water .
he told me about two things .
someone who told them that i was north korea , so they were able to test my  UNK  and asked me a lot of questions .
i have to rely on kickstarter installations in the system to inspect them , and i believe they can .
what would you say ?
like ahmed . that &apos;s not his name , and i can &apos;t lose his eye , but goran was a father of my students .
you should look at things like -- you should look at the kind of crap that we have african people in africa .
there &apos;s a very personal story that i read across a journal magazine years ago .
thank you .
when the amount of electricity is , it will give you an equal product to 75 dollars .
there was no  UNK  .
how do we make ourselves and want to do more than what &apos;s not the  UNK  of time ?
we see all the symptoms .
and these projects come from questions to ask me , like , my , what my neighbors had to pay for their apartment ?
i was able to calculate what happened to the lives of a refugee from refugee camps would be , but i soon realized that it wasn &apos;t very difficult , but it &apos;s incredibly dangerous , because those who were prisoners from north korea to china .
so what you do -- you &apos;re the mouth .
but unfortunately , i don &apos;t have to tell you in 2007 , a student of college in new york has been all of these kinds of patterns on the stage , and in  UNK  that &apos;s worth 100,000 dollars , less than four .
i mean , what &apos;s how to take a kid &apos;s spoken word .
a lot of people are deceived by the  UNK  promise of good education , better education , just to see where you &apos;re caught in violence violence , and not stepping out .
he explains his emotional belief is very dangerous in places like this , not with me , but with them .
we need you to understand the secret of violence .
we need to develop a woman who &apos;s not only referring to speak , but actually , instead of ignorant , rather than instead of  UNK  , collaborating instead of  UNK  .
according to a  UNK  drummer &quot; -- &quot; -- &quot; -- &quot; from &quot; god , &quot; from jesus christ , &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
she had his counterpart .
i want them to know that we &apos;re going to do them them , and we &apos;re going to do anything to help them change their lives .
i &apos;ve done a career career working for companies in the 500 entries like robert &amp; amp r &amp; amp ; d engineers ,  UNK   UNK  and  UNK  .
i want to show up to light .
but what you do is the steel heat , you do a  UNK  plastic , and plastic  UNK  will run into these little spherical beads , and the detectives would have disappeared .
we &apos;re teaching teaching new mania for 16 years of  UNK  , we launched the classroom by the first two hours of richard  UNK  , and the task for the ages of this is plaster , in the first two pages of old nixon &apos;s time , &quot; how many times when we use . &quot;
i had a little bit scared .
i remember once , there was a mother and my daughter , and that was 10 10 : 30 , and i was in my vow , and i went out and they were really embarrassed .
and scientists and engineers are people who are dealing with the biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and health , and so much , if we don &apos;t know , and we don &apos;t understand that , then we &apos;re not going to do it , and i believe our responsibility , strangers , are interacting with them .
we , the african countries that brought in africa , two percent african-american in the last 50 years .
but what makes my heart gets more comfortable and soul stronger than that , although this is true , even though it is true , whether it is not true , it &apos;s possible to be able to think that : they &apos;re extraordinary and consumers .
together , we &apos;ve just reorganized our public spaces in which we have power , and if we have the opportunity to have a chance to have a voice and share more with somebody else .
when i break my hand , i remember , i remember the first person had ever seen a few days before i fell asleep , and i fell in clutching that cloth .
right now , maybe you &apos;re thinking , &quot; oh , this is great , or , &quot; oh , , &quot; all of you know , &quot; but all of this time , i &apos;ve really talked about you .
the internal combustion engine is sustainable .
maybe it &apos;s not just about the women of women but women &apos;s values about compassion , the tolerance , and the freshness .
so the surgeon has a  UNK  .
i realized that my men would love to kill me if i left him .
kenya is going to be the largest  UNK  area in africa with the engine that will be built in  UNK  .
in south asia , countries like india and pakistan , four types of  UNK  are reported on the list of the list that are responsible for this  UNK  , which means that they &apos;re less than 10 or 15 years to slow down to  UNK  , and because of course , is because they &apos;re being eaten by being eaten by eating disorders as well .
nine thousand nine . yes , a successful improvement .
and if you don &apos;t trust me , please ask the information that provided them .
from here ,  UNK  guns .
and after a few months , i realized that i was different .
here we have a movie video of the  UNK  shoes .
but what &apos;s interesting is that the bus is on the road congestion is killing more people than the car and the train .
then you can get water on the gold plates .
it &apos;s nearly two years since then , when we launched the rebellion in libya , it has been added by extension of the  UNK  of minerals in egypt and egypt .
UNK   UNK  with your  UNK  , ok ?
you have to learn how to get these people to talk to you .
it &apos;s more women than for entrepreneurs .
we &apos;re at the end of the first industrial revolution in the world &apos;s industrial revolution -- with fossil fuels , so we can &apos;t innovate , and burn , we have these systems systems .
in fact , you know , this is what you see here , this is what happens with this .
in 2009 , i lost a man who loved him .
so this space has been becoming a space , and the hope of hope and the dreams of people to make me excited , to the tears , and they comfort me in my interest .
five days later , i had traveled on my neck , and i wore my mum , and i was married to him .
don &apos;t get me wrong .
i &apos;m not talking about things for free , because it &apos;s not sustainable .
he gives us the fates of tolerance .
when i sing singing songs from my childhood , trying to remember those words that i can &apos;t , i can remind him another thing : we know how about the brain come , and what we don &apos;t know how to be awesome .
i want to resist because you know what ?
you want to read that books , or read the death of death , &quot; wrote by  UNK   UNK  , who is a world-class economist .
please your cell phone , please raise your phone up !
i &apos;m just a woman who wanted to share my story .
you &apos;ll be surprised to see how the children are affected .
i &apos;m talking about trying to work for people , and pull them apart from the street , and tell them happy , pride and so honored to be in for their food , for the farmers to farmers .
you know , four taliban went to afghanistan afghanistan when i was six and older girls who were learning .
you only meet one group of tools , because they have the most  UNK  , the  UNK  hair , and the most beautiful  UNK  , and
you know what the appliance is invented , but you want to do it yourself .
we have eight  UNK  species up in kenya , and there are six species that are threatened with extinction .
every week , we stumbled on a week , we were able to scan my photographic device in the temporary library , and then we invited them up to their photos .
what you should do is struggle for your own today .
i had a ph.d. in england from harvard , and the new superintendent of marketing marketing research  UNK  .
he had to go to the water stream of sirens .
we will have our grandchildren on the road .
it &apos;s more like a restaurant .
no doubt that his children will be educated , including his daughter , the taliban , and  UNK  alike .
i realized that i was very lucky to be able to change what you think about in 10 seconds .
and the young man in the front of the night watchman regime , the high line of freedom , security , social justice .
this is one of the cows that killed killed in my father , and when i woke up in the morning i found it was dead , and i was feeling horrified , because that &apos;s the only kings that we had .
that would actually get a trip to the clinic , and if the patient could ever do , then what ?
they owned 2,000 miles offshore land .
so we &apos;re taught to &quot; our tolerance wisdom . &quot;
i &apos;m going to talk about the middle of the  UNK  and the police department , the way to find a way to get my family out there , but i &apos;m not enough money to pay bribes to pay bribes or pay .
so what happened ? over the next 40 years , when i was in the united states , in the united states , have a  UNK  company company .
i &apos;m sure that you see people in the people who are listening to these people who are diagnosed or executed people who are infected with their babies or persons .
okay , can you sell it ? you can get money ?
and we helped them to understand ignorance , because nobody in the world can be done alone .
two most important things we have is time and connections with other people .
and both of them correctly , but one thing , testing , is based on the same place that doesn &apos;t have expertise .
and start learning to prepare for college .
in october , 2011 , watching tracking the world at home , i saw the amazing events happening in japan .
it &apos;s the early signal of violence and the fears of the conscience , down it down , only for the victims of safety .
it &apos;s like  UNK   UNK  .
the plaza compares here is reached more than 24 meters , and more than three miles deeper in the land .
our society ,  UNK  by disruptive innovation , becomes more and more importantly , the rules of freedom , vulnerabilities , social equality that we admire the first time .
samuel was 16 years old . she  UNK  . i was very handsome .
so what happened ?
so what i &apos;m talking about is business is where it &apos;s true .
i wanted to have a whole bunch of garden that one that people can share .
he tried to prove everything else , and he started  UNK  .
what i did was in a food forest in front of home .
we all know that the risk of our own lives , teachers and parenting .
i want to talk to you about a group group of animals .
with a cell phone , you can record the images of the human rights human rights in syria .
but today , more than three million people in schools in afghanistan .
at the time , i thought i would have to come back to a long time .
the first thing i looked at it , and i said , okay . it &apos;s a big data .
i met the boy in the mall that organized  UNK  fertilizers .
because today ,  UNK  and companies want want to record the information that they have access to as much as possible , the online and the  UNK  .
just happened in the tsunami , he was responsible for the  UNK  of the tsunami .
let me tell you a secret .
this is me with a soccer team in the magazine magazine .
i don &apos;t look like veiling a domestic family .
our society requires a dialogue with the country and the more building more than what the election election , which is more  UNK  and more .
i was married to a great man and good , and we had these three children .
all of this information is stored in a six months , for two years because of two years , because you &apos;ve been using a service provider .
in order to address this problem , we made of material materials .
can you keep going on ?
please tell me that i &apos;m normal .
watch it . well , it &apos;s sticky .
within two weeks , i had 150 150 people to join .
the first project , which was inspired by my first book , &quot; the  UNK  , &quot; which is a project in which people decided to teach people in the food .
that &apos;s more than that .
the north military had found out the number of money that i sent home for my family , and , to punish , they would have my family had to move on a rural area .
i said , &quot; of course , no , no , they &apos;re not going to steal .
thank you very much .
it was in summer of 1989 , and let &apos;s imagine that people who stood up and protests who changed the course of a cell phone in duffel bag .
so since we started robbing visitors coming out .
and i can &apos;t remember the first time i approached them with autism , but i can &apos;t remember one day without having it .
a blind person who &apos;s got away from a long distance from afghanistan , he  UNK  his daughter , my mother got to school , and because he was his father .
we were lucky with a long run .
that &apos;s the meaning of this entire project , advancing the small pieces of humanity , bringing those connections to people .
and in  UNK  , the day of the day , the  UNK  of what &apos;s going to happen in new york city in the next year , and the conclusion the following year : the new york city won &apos;t exist in 100 years .
look , the veil has seems to full of people who are healthy , but when you look up close , there &apos;s a lot more lucky than work in extreme state , having children .
it &apos;s an  UNK  , and he &apos;s never going to crush me anymore .
the first question is : what ?
it &apos;s around us . we just don &apos;t see it .
there &apos;s a photo , a lot of generations of women in the house , from the elderly to the young man , rose around me a child , has gripped me , because my father , my father , my mom , my mom , and her daughter daughter , eight photos on the roof .
in the 1990s , i remember that there were moments that i was upset about my life and always fear and didn &apos;t see the future .
fear . the  UNK  students , the  UNK  books .
there are men men , they helped me from that truck .
this is one of my plans . this is what i want to do .
it &apos;s more than a million people dying in famine famine , and many people have survived ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
i am an academic designer of women who fought for peace to promote security of a legal law of law , law that can bring to every citizen of law , law enforcement can bring to every citizen , law enforcement agents can empower the citizens , whether they come and vote and vote , and the most important is to lay the candidates candidates that women have led to the candidates of candidates and females in the top of the list of the list .
and finally , i had a deal with them .
and he &apos;s extremely jolly .
after i went to get published and published bribes , my family was released in a month , and then crashed again in the course of a half .
so over the last few years , i &apos;m trying to try a lot of ways to share with more than my neighbors in public spaces , using simple tools like paper , paper .
that means that it can be done .
he was dying because of the water .
now you &apos;re wondering if it works .
but most people don &apos;t agree .
come back : my question : why am i am ?
like this .
we are organisms creatures .
we started labeling milk .
i didn &apos;t know that the first stage in any domestic violence is strong and  UNK  .
now , this photograph of my husband had found in some of the firemen , between those 10 times square , where they had a  UNK  crash , and they realized him .
it &apos;s on a long line where we called  UNK  .
for a population community , we may have about 200 or clients .
it &apos;s just sunk on this  UNK  and said , &quot; here &apos;s the way , this is the pass away . go . &quot;
it &apos;s from from an african woman , the damage that we have caused .
but the effective work can &apos;t happen unless the scientists and engineers aren &apos;t invited us into their bedrooms .
but this time , i wanted to see the truth that &apos;s being recorded .
it was the deepest episode in my life .
i told people : the soldiers , the people , my friends , my friends , who are all kinds of strangers , and i &apos;m standing here today because you &apos;re all of me .
but if we don &apos;t change the part of the soil , we &apos;ll never do that .
and then you ever wondered yourself , &quot; if you put yourself and kiss your wife , and i &apos;m going to be happier ? &quot;
now ,  UNK  doesn &apos;t get home back into a day and announced that , &quot; hey , knows , all this kind of facts and juliet is true , and i &apos;m going to have to move to the next stage where i was isolated , and so i have to move this next stage where i was able to get out of this apartment where the neighbors who heard her friends and get out of the city where the neighbors and her colleagues can see the  UNK  .
&quot; when i was working , i can &apos;t &apos;t think of all the  UNK  and the stories of  UNK  in the photos .
UNK  doesn &apos;t stop the transmission of disease .
but i gave my memory back to the things that i taught me about personality ,  UNK  and love and i realized that this is what i &apos;m going to .
one day we were dancing with news about the  UNK  of  UNK  and  UNK  .
for you don &apos;t have to do with phrases phrases , it &apos;s a mental disorder that influences affecting social social skills and learning and  UNK  .
i was amazing surprised when a person who was totally threatening to be interested in .
hello . thank you .
anyway , you get oil .
this is what the legacy is used for me , and that &apos;s the legacy that i took money into it .
two little boys , and now there &apos;s no longer remember , two children &apos;s sons are at school , two different schools .
and he said , &quot; if you want to kill me , but i &apos;m not going to break my future of my daughter because of the gay agenda . &quot;
and we need to establish that that moment before we do politics .
my soul is always driven by these huge trees ,  UNK  flames up in the  UNK  , but  UNK  and  UNK  and hundreds of hundreds of years , and i believe in the city is also for music for music .
finally , after six months of  UNK  war to the soviet union to 50,000 users , and we were afraid of his own sins and stoned rape .
and this is my father &apos;s first person in his family .
instead , i &apos;m a powerful woman in love with a man who had a problem , and i was the only person on earth earth can help the face of him .
when the person disappeared ,  UNK  the  UNK  of the owner , and it was  UNK  .
and some people even say , it &apos;s like  UNK  2.0 .
but the tar sands is denser than those kids who have them , their kids who have them uniforms , their kids who are punched their heads up in their own  UNK  , wood and textiles .
my jaw behind me , and they dropped 85,000 meters , they were able to stir their bags , and they were able to put them up to the other area , which was reported to get the gold medal .
death is something that we don &apos;t usually be encouraged to talk about or or even think , but i &apos;m realizing that what &apos;s going to die is one of the most powerful things you can do .
because my family didn &apos;t understand anything , so i thought they were going to be arrested .
back to me , i just wanted to cry , my friends , &quot; you know , &quot; look at it straight to me and said , &quot; wow , don &apos;t do that . &quot;
this is actually not a church .
it takes that a clinical professional clinical trial and high tech and high dose can be relevant to this kind of genetic material .
you can see the most congested parts , like as the leader in a group .
and then there were  UNK  .
women  UNK  percent of the federal elections in parliament in the last election in the last preceding years .
we can do the observations of temperatures at the height .
so i went to facebook and asked some of them , and i came up to the morning , i got a lot of positive feedback , i knew what to go .
thank you .
the  UNK  species of the world has been found mainly alone in the united states , like  UNK   UNK  and  UNK  and then  UNK  the world &apos;s population  UNK  world , where she &apos;s about 16 species .
the best people in the  UNK  didn &apos;t know know , because they didn &apos;t have to go to the public boxes .
this is the first panel .
the engineers i worked also taught me to know about  UNK  everything . so i want to summarize with a equations .
you know , he saw his mind when he turned around , let me tell you why .
because the  UNK  doesn &apos;t keep it .
yes , almost all of the panels are all made it , but it &apos;s just a small element of what &apos;s going on .
this is your story .
below the taliban , there were girls who were going to school for hundreds of people that remember , that &apos;s illegal .
i even pasted my friends about their community , and we installed the lights for them to treat them , and i teach them how to get them .
you can do incredible .
grocery store , food ,  UNK  .
we can see them move to a lot of different countries , so if you &apos;re only interested in the issues of the region , it won &apos;t work for you .
ubuntu , of course , to be a problem , but we have the solution .
because there &apos;s a hormone autism or not , the difference between us -- we have a gift ! we all have a gift ! nobody &apos;s lives in a gift , and frankly , what &apos;s the biggest potential is the strongest potential .
you have to give them to security , privacy , you have to be really excited to help them them , and they &apos;re going to me , according to the crowd of candy .
when i got home , my  UNK  , a voice voice , if he continued to his daughter &apos;s school , they &apos;ll try it again .
and the idea makes it possible to be non-verbal .
i felt very uncomfortable at this time , and photography photography led to the back and slammed his hand .
instead , slide this slide here &apos;s  UNK  knows really better , and it shows the special movement of the tissue itself , and it really became inspiring to the unique design of the pyramid .
so right now , you &apos;re at the same time you don &apos;t know that the best people in what they want to do with the washington and their own business .
and i saw them ponds ponds .
this is one of six lions killed in nairobi .
with a cell phone , you can post a message on the  UNK  and starts to join a protest protest in egypt .
we gave themselves more comfortable , the more beautiful beauty , the more beautiful thing that can &apos;t be able to be possible , and also have been celebrated experts in the press , but in we also have professional artists with careers and experience and images .
however ,  UNK  million people on the global population , and they have to live in a state of treatment ,  UNK  , treating treatment and psychiatric disease , and what we need is to have the tools for patients to detect before they want before .
i also wondered , how did it work ?
don &apos;t just say that you study the flow down , but let &apos;s say you study the tissue , it &apos;s like the grid that make it , because you need to know how to understand the disease and the treatment .
in fact , i &apos;m going to be here because i won the lottery lottery , and i &apos;m being able to receive assets assets , and you might be wondering what &apos;s asset .
because there &apos;s only no power , you can be the editor of the editor magazine magazine in america or the director of h &amp; amp ; m &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
the sleeping bed nets and bacon , were recognized by the numbers on the bottom , surrounded by paint , surrounded by side , and it smelled putrid .
there &apos;s a great woman who has taught us .
first time , i went through .
there &apos;s a group of experts who are invited to discuss the future of new york city .
UNK  is one of the most congested groups .
and if you drive up to the red line , you destroy destroys all of those modalities -- as we &apos;ve shown here .
i was wrong to think that i was the only cases , and i am alone in this .
the reason was the last year 2000 , the european commission had been officially .
the hope is that it &apos;s less than the pencil in the middle .
it &apos;s not north korea . &quot;
UNK  turned up to two times every week for two months and half years since i was married .
but if the patient could afford this house at home ?
but one thing going to forever with this is what we do in this , and if we were punished you to sample in fees , we will do that .
i am holding my silence .
finally , after a long trip to my long and my family was reunited in south korea , but it was given to the freedom to be a half of a struggle .
the worst part of this is  UNK  in this arm , because what if you laugh at the end , so what &apos;s what &apos;s going on on my head .
thank you .
think about the death of your life .
for some people , they &apos;ve been connected to something a big thing , for a something , it uses for something else , which is what it uses for something else than the  UNK  and the skin .
i had to put mau in the hole , i &apos;m going to take it out . to check what it was .
the other day we woke up the news for the american genocide and the attack attack .
we love the ceos of  UNK  and dance dance .
because i can see where i went there , where i slept every night , but what i did .
and the answer to my answer is : &quot; you don &apos;t know , you don &apos;t have a hiring . &quot;
you know , it &apos;s my camera for a human universals to a universal translator around the world .
but you can see how we interact with each other , they call them each other , when they go to bed .
because even though we took the same photo , but our view of change , my daughter got a new life , and i was found in my life through life , how it looked at and interact with all sorts of things .
and my second idea was using  UNK  .
this is los angeles .
but i &apos;m excited to be happy , and i &apos;m sure i think it &apos;s been lucky enough to 10 years old , 20 or 30 years old , and i &apos;ve been working with a lot of companies in my career , because when i can i &apos;m not going to tell you about the first job , which may seem to be right now .
the air around the dust and the hot , hot .
a mobile phone can change your life , and a smartphone gives you an individual liberty .
UNK  by  UNK  and  UNK  , they were angry , and over and over and over and over and over and i was 16 years old or 17 hours a day .
i grew up in cambridge , and i &apos;ve traveled to the store , and i forgot him money for free .
so this has been this meeting . yes .
here &apos;s a design for national countries like china .
what we have to look at is that we do our nurturing , curing , educate , education , move , to move on to seven billion people in sustainable .
he looked at me suspect , but unfortunately , it was good news .
more recently , if you &apos;re watching the news in kenya -- -- these are the kind of psychotic that connects with  UNK   UNK  , but i want to record it .
kenya , the world , this is going to be more impoverished than if there are no amazing animals .
vermiculite is the most effective job , the challenge that you can do , particularly in the context .
now , i live in new orleans , and i love new orleans .
this is me as a day when i photographed this picture .
i installed it in my house two years ago , since then , we didn &apos;t have any problem with lions .
it &apos;s going to work with frequent blackouts , so everything around me , at night , until the night until the light comes from china to the middle of a child .
in the mid- &apos; 90s , north carolina underwent an awful famine .
one of the smartest things that  UNK   UNK  did , from the beginning , is to create an illusion that i &apos;m
so for  UNK  online and mapping the city , i do the same thing .
i grew up there . i grew up my sons there .
it &apos;s an amazing and exciting thing . and before that , i used to hear it out outside of the framework , but only when i really experienced that this new happened .
and those are the truth , but it &apos;s only half , because what we never talked about before , you know , i &apos;m never told you about earlier , is : &quot;
and over the world , 20 minutes minutes have a diagnosis diagnosed with autism , and even though it &apos;s one of these  UNK  colonies in the world , we don &apos;t know the or the treatment .
if you &apos;re not breathing , you &apos;re not  UNK  .
three hundred years of two years ago to use our homes to open our girls and women in their neighbors .
there are two types of  UNK  on this planet .
UNK  is almost universally anywhere in the world , whether it &apos;s illegal .
about the time that we &apos;re focused on each other is something that we embrace and expect all over the years .
the school room , sanitation , ready for innovation and rehabilitation .
what do you look at the top ?
first of all , it just looks like this , i called my wife and i also call me , we talked to each other .
i didn &apos;t think that i was in a crazy love , that i was walking into the first steps into a psychological flight , the money and ate that were  UNK  .
but today i &apos;m going to talk about myself and my smartphone , and about how it changed my life .
i &apos;m using a big hole because i can &apos;t count a machine that wraps up on the stage .
at the himalayas , i found children that colonies were too many miles of mountains and down the road .
and the fact that your mind that i don &apos;t fit in touch with a normal society , the siblings are usually and annoyed .
in new york , there are only three thousand people and black people , so for them , the question is not , &quot; am i get caught ? &quot;
when we moved to new england -- you know , where we depend on to be safe -- he bought  UNK  guns .
the penn state department asks me , a teacher teaching teaching students to students .
we meet the coffee shop .
jargon , we understand his idea .
why ? because they look at the curve on the stage and say , if they population growth in this ratio , to move a population of the city of new york city would have to be six million horses , and waste from six million horses aren &apos;t going to know how to deal with .
tell you what you heard here .
luckily i &apos;ve joined a different suit .
i joined with my team , the  UNK  green hood , we gathered and we started in the food forests : trees , we know , fish .
the prospect of  UNK  of storage is not sustainable .
i tried to mock those lion &#91; unclear &#93; &#91; unclear &#93; , i stood up with a doorbell .
he &apos;s when the boat we were approached , old boats to cross the little prickly pear .
for him , the females are not learning as dangerous .
it &apos;s a pointless material , if we do the streets of the netherlands , very close to cities , we want a  UNK  .
in all the way ,  UNK  , killed , still banned on the day .
i was scared .
&quot; now , you can actually go to school . &quot;
they kill our cattle .
but instead of what they don &apos;t do in anything , we simply say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
tom  UNK  : so max , by putting all the blood vessel for 10,000 dollars , you might know who &apos;s healthy ?
life is more difficult for me to imagine .
they have covered in big boxes , and those coals in the spinal cord to the  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
we didn &apos;t work from office .
there was no day that i didn &apos;t think about these amazing men , i had a great honor to meet them .
the  UNK  material is the material that we we use in order to build our  UNK  in the netherlands , it has holes in the netherlands , and it has fallen holes in a hole . so all the rainwater will come out , and you &apos;ll have a  UNK  path .
thank you .
the topic is the secret of violence violence , and the question i ask is that the question always asks : why did she ?
because even though it was arrested , but finally began to get out of the country in the international community .
so at the bottom line , you can see an example of  UNK  of  UNK  .
UNK  is the police force of operations in germany .
recently , the new york times report from 100,000 to the children to latin america are sold by selling sex .
we are all uninhabited , but they &apos;ve been very different from the consequences of the mushrooms .
if a few women feel frightened when i came up , you wouldn &apos;t tell me right now , but then i &apos;ll get through this man .
and i think this is why the lion in the national park is very little .
and i said , &quot; yes .
and the second thing i want to say is that people think that violence is happening with women , that &apos;s the issue of women .
this is a family portrait .
less than a month , he and his daughter was on the road to their village , and they were actually watching that killed because of a bomb on a few minutes .
pictures are not about  UNK  . they &apos;re human beings , people , you know , and you , all flirting deserves their rights , honor and respect in their lives .
the question , &quot; why are you waiting ? &quot;
i would like to get away from school , but my father , he would say , &quot; listen , daughter , you can lose everything on her life .
it &apos;s amazing , the slave is generating over 13 billion dollars in the world .
it &apos;s incredible , and we tell people , &quot; everybody looked at the order to do this . &quot;
i can finish my crazy love story by  UNK  silence .
instead , as  UNK   UNK  said : turning the simple , but simpler simpler .
but never turned into a form of  UNK  . &quot;
and in this picture , actually , i haven &apos;t had the brain regions in real life .
after a second , one of the police told the other person , this is a misplaced case .
when the chinese police came up to them , i immediately immediately stood up and said to him that this is the person who i loved .
for the first time , i was driving to find a  UNK  beach , and i was shaking , he entered the head on my head , beating my head on the side of the car .
but why is that information ?
when i wrote this talk , i felt very hard to find a real balance , because the one hand , i felt very uncomfortable , to say , &quot; i got all these things because i was diagnosed as i was gay , &quot; and also felt really excited to you &quot; but it &apos;s not going to make me happy . &quot;
when you come from ? what &apos;s going to cap is dead , kills death ! and they &apos;re going to kill your lecture .
but then i realized that silk doesn &apos;t really work , because it even even helped the lion  UNK  .
and i didn &apos;t understand it , but i can see that my father was very , very happy .
it was a  UNK  grave in planting tree on the ground who were expected to worry about ? &quot;
i was fortunate enough to be raised in a family of honor of learning and girls .
and i decided decided to send a lawsuit from houston , because i wanted to get this information .
we were scared , but we still want to school .
this is a secret , and this guy is made out of denmark , and then i joined a man who i thought was a man , and i thought i was thinking about this other day .
in fact , my students  UNK   UNK  , i had to praise him , because he had done some wonderful work , he has shown that this could be replicated across the cell phone , which allows this project was done , and that &apos;s what &apos;s going to 89 percent .
the city i met me , and it was kind of giving me a  UNK  , i asked me to  UNK  the holy  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
when i was a little kid , i thought that my money was the best country in the world , and i often hear , &quot; we don &apos;t have a envy . &quot;
we used to think about  UNK  control when i heard from &quot;  UNK  , and because of this sense of awareness , i &apos;m going to be really hard to work for people in this particular industry .
it will be  UNK  , and they are doing that right now .
these are visual images of life in six months that stretched recorded .
the next question that people always ask me , &quot; is all these pictures are right ? &quot;
why don &apos;t i ride ? i can go down anytime .
through this invention , i was lucky to get a fellowship fellowship in one of the best schools in kenya , the international international school , and i &apos;m really excited about this .
but on a day of 1995 , my mom brought home to a house with a mother who did with her mother .
this is  UNK  in this picture has almost been taken by hand , or passively , because of colors and the rest of the brain damage .
i think my life is dark , but i still try to control my emotions and answer those questions .
it &apos;s wrong . they &apos;re  UNK  .
she &apos;s gone for a long time and stop when i realized that i was doing more disposable .
it &apos;s not true .
it was very happy , and they share their stories about how their bodies had been impacted to my mom , with her , and so it was amazing to see this idea that they changed , whether it &apos;s in a moment .
but  UNK   UNK  said , no , we &apos;re not going to give you this information .
and it &apos;s a great revolution .
i believe that you will see more and more people in north million indians in every world , even on the stage of ted .
and at that time , there was a man who asked me , &quot; what &apos;s the story ? &quot;
i got a lot of guitar .
we &apos;re really surprised about people , at the bottom valley like this is not going to .
this is the size of five : store alcohol , food ,  UNK  .
he wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood , my hopes , my hopes and dreams .
not everybody has the opportunity to do this .
how do you do ? &quot; and i said , &quot; i did a very hard work .
&quot; before i die , i wanted to be somebody &apos;s ass . &quot;
i can put them into the worse condition .
the government ? forget !
i want to change my understanding . i want to change those feelings that you are for these birds , because they need to be our duty . they &apos;re really need .
so we were taught to &quot; our tolerance tolerance . &quot;
so i thought , &quot; great . i can do anything i wanted , because that &apos;s my responsibility , and i must hold it . &quot;
why do i do that ?
so far , i helped them to seven of their families in their community , and they all worked worked .
as i said , when i started , imagine if all these people in the streets were in south africa had a cell phone in their pockets .
but let me try it .
although i had wondered what i didn &apos;t know what the world was there , but i still thought i was going to live my life at  UNK  , until all of all the time .
and i was just swollen off the book when i read books , &quot; little beautiful snow , &quot; by astor piazzolla , said , all of the world growth , if other people don &apos;t need help , please them .
and then , my volunteer joined in  UNK   UNK  , in a couple of days a few days to the effort .
i can feel the flow of mucus and record-breaking  UNK  through the darkness , but there &apos;s nothing more .
and i &apos;m going to answer some questions that people are always asking me , but with passion .
no one of unimpressed , and fortunately is no one who volunteered with his camera .
i had a perfect memory .
so in the future , whenever you use your phone phone , let you remind you that you have to struggle for this personal story .
how do you help you ? you can become an entrepreneur , create a voice . you can write your service and tell them that we need to focus on these creatures that are  UNK  .
we blocked tons of tons of fish and  UNK  from the local factory .
so i &apos;m here to tell you about romantic love , a psychological flight of  UNK  that millions of women and millions of men have had every year .
there are smart guys .
i was very  UNK  .
shortly after that , when i went through a summer , i saw a horror that i could never forget .
in west africa , there is a  UNK   UNK   UNK   UNK  to market the carriage and his father .
this is the first time you see somebody on the stage , so i think you &apos;re lucky enough to see this slide here .
i got these things that would be used to remember my throat , not because i am and anyone who are willing to spend more money on their appearance , not because they are .
did they know what we are ?
but then i realized , this is my entire life .
it &apos;s also a place where the central centers has collected pictures .
&quot; before i die , i want  UNK  . &quot;
we can also play the same role in the middle of the people who are in north korea outside the outside world , because there &apos;s a lot of people in our countries , because we share them with people &apos;s family members in the country , and we shared with them information and money to be able to move away from north america .
the first idea that i had was used , because i think lions are  UNK  .
peter  UNK  is a philosophical professor prior to work business , and this is what peter  UNK  says : &quot; that &apos;s really not secure with a society and a business economy . &quot;
but there is also selection .
so this is a great intention that i think we can do now .
suddenly , i don &apos;t have a country to be proud of pride .
and especially if you shake your bicycle , and it &apos;s filled with cars , it &apos;s not good .
but the most recent research has shown shown in areas where there are no oceanic times more likely to fold three times four times to detect , and enormous consequences of this disease is due to disease .
it &apos;s a small village of  UNK   UNK  , a population of 50,000 50,000 people , one of the first places that are affected by the tsunami .
raise your wind up . a car cell phone .
because peace is the same mechanism , it needs a metabolism , the  UNK  between the  UNK  and women .
the aspiration of men &apos;s for the risk of personal is the most important thing .
with flowers , i see a chance that we can train four communities , and there &apos;s a sustainable life .
it doesn &apos;t exist .
it &apos;s twice as twice as close to africa in the  UNK  peninsula .
they have nothing to compare .
this is an aerial photo array of north carolina in the country .
