i can &apos;t have a lot of detail that i left out in the north korea , but i would say that that was the toughest difficult of my famine , and i was incarcerated in the country .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s on the street .
i mean , of course , how did they do this ?
and we put together all the raw data , and it &apos;s pretty interesting .
so what i &apos;m saying now is the crazy romantic love , which is a  UNK  experience , and each one of these men will have millions of people every year , and some people will die in the trap .
when i was 27 years old , i made a decision that was based on demand people , and i created a set of systems called &quot;  UNK  . &quot; we didn &apos;t hire clients , but to hire people , but for the local communities , local customer service , to serve the local communities , to serve the local communities , to serve the local communities .
those sweets are more than 25,000 kids who are wearing headscarves ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  clothes .
so they  UNK  them , kill the animals .
he was coming from a windmill .
we put it in the grocery store food , and we feel that we &apos;re just shopping .
so scientists and engineers , please tell us what they &apos;re doing .
i &apos;m an example of a very young victim , because i have domestic violence and development patterns .
these two words come from &quot;  UNK  , &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
and so i was fumbling in some of the  UNK  of the houses of the houses of the houses , and i , and i , and , and , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
this guy has to be  UNK  and  UNK  .
and we &apos;re going to do clinical trials and clinical trials that are very low , and we &apos;ll be able to compare the same amount of time as well as possible .
what does it mean ?
but coke can &apos;t fund this experiment .
the next question my question is , &quot; do i grow up ? &quot;
and my parents meant that i was divided by people who i love for a child to my children . &quot;
i found that the united states will see our vulnerability in our change .
it &apos;s more than 5,000 more than 70 percent of the world controlled by controlling the world &apos;s largest economy in the world , and  UNK  and  UNK  and  UNK  .
i know some of you may be familiar with this idea that you might have a little bit of  UNK  , like  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
and now i &apos;ve been a proud godmother assistant .
in  UNK  , there were several specialists who invited to discuss the future of new york city in new york city .
there was the day in the air force .
is my  UNK  or  UNK  ?
i &apos;m 22 years now .
in fact , these images are very elusive , but only if you take any of these digital cameras , and there &apos;s a few more sophisticated computers that we have , but we &apos;re able to look at the same as accurate as accurate as the other side effects of health and disease .
and what happened to the tsunami , he was responsible to make sure that the tsunami was  UNK  .
we &apos;re going to take every step in your bucket and your friends .
i don &apos;t have to develop a wind , but we should like to call the government accountable to the decision , because wind turbines will produce .
but they &apos;ll get your windshield , you &apos;ll be delighted .
so , for instance , to get to the  UNK  , in the year , in the news to the news newspaper reports in the  UNK  .
and i decided to leave , because i ended up narrowing to the end of my uncles .
here &apos;s one of them in the provinces of nairobi .
prices are low , we know how to do it .
but we didn &apos;t ask them because they said , &quot; let &apos;s come here . &quot;
there are large differences in afghanistan .
&quot; well , we hope , &quot; oh my god can go to the room where you &apos;re going to get there . &quot;
she was two years ago when she was two years ago , and she turned into my home , girls and girls in the community .
there are lots of women who are like their wives who are in their  UNK  .
i can end up with something like crazy crazy .
and on the other hand , you can see behind the scenes , these are  UNK  .
and when they were attacked by the tsunami , and they said , &quot; hey , for everything else , nature covers everything , they looted everything else . &quot;
since i &apos;ve had a camera , i &apos;ve always been photographing photography , but i want to talk to photography , but i want to share with you some of my closest pictures , and it &apos;s not one of my favorites .
government ?
and i did all of other men and women and we couldn &apos;t wait at home , so i decided to join them on their deathbed and volunteer for their succession .
so what i did was , i grew up in the house of my house .
we want to create a definition .
whether it &apos;s a big company or  UNK  , well , you can do three things together :  UNK   UNK  , marketing .
when someone was hugging , i felt like a dove in new orleans .
weights is remote . it &apos;s very hard to swallow .
however , with a firm with a firm .
it doesn &apos;t require a lot of money to volunteer staff .
what can you do ? can you produce it ?
we say , &quot; we can go traveling and traveling around and creative , hands-on work together . &quot;
well , because of the  UNK  of  UNK  , we are wiping out low-level deposits on the outside surrounded by thousands of chickens , like the end of the century , and there was an enormous increase in india .
he didn &apos;t despise religion , and he had never been  UNK  .
so now we &apos;re going to put them together in the future , but in the future , we can take this out of the car , so that we can we can see the can , or , can , can , can , can , can , can , can , can see the window we can see windows on the window .
but i didn &apos;t have learned that it was 14 years ago .
i &apos;m confident , you &apos;ll see more and more and more flooding on the stage in the world .
but some of what &apos;s going to be ?
if kids are mutants , children will eat  UNK  .
it runs all the government .
war and how it works , and how it works with a very strict style of branding and fashion industry , and i can only implement the design of law and law enforcement , so i put the streets in afghanistan , and i put the streets in afghanistan to create a standard new type of  UNK  .
what happened ?
now , of course , it &apos;s a very slow  UNK  movement .
the numbers are twice as much as the equivalent of the trade in africa .
&quot; how would anyone be willing to live with men ? &quot;
don &apos;t say i &apos;m a human .
now , the whole thing .
the light bulbs comes from a syringe .
peter van  UNK  was a philosophical professor , professor  UNK  , who said , &quot; plan is a  UNK  society in economics and entrepreneurship . &quot;
sound  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  .
thank you very much .
it &apos;s not all that you can do .
and so i was living in fear , i feared my identity to be torn up , and i would be torn out to the prison .
we are  UNK  .
and acromegaly are silent in silence .
it &apos;s on the edge of our  UNK  .
so in the world , they thought , this  UNK  technology would lead to new lives .
and because of the use of the bumblebee , so it &apos;s not good enough , and i &apos;m going to
but my mother become a teacher to become a teacher .
in the end of the road , he turned out to the driver .
i grew up in ghana down a lot of  UNK  mines .
because at the end of the domestic act is killing her .
and i ended up in  UNK  , and i ended up with the miners who were never going to go back home .
and again , we went to the bus ford , and it was resigned in china .
this is a picture i took in front of the carnegie hall .
and in order to change the world , we have a lot to communicate with our scientists and engineers .
so -- the government said , &quot; well , that &apos;s done . &quot;
yes , they have  UNK  all the photos , but this is a small fraction of the work .
but something interesting is happening .
this is our model .
so i thought , &quot; that &apos;s my responsibility . it &apos;s my responsibility , i have to deal with it , so i want to do anything . &quot;
but sadly , the nervous system , the parkinson &apos;s disease disappearing , which is that in my old friend of mine , my father  UNK  , who was his  UNK  .
so what we &apos;re going to do is put these things out of the wall , and they &apos;re going to hit it to the direction , and they &apos;ll be able to wave , and to and the that will , to , to the , to the , to the , to the , to and the the .
and there i met a lot of people that i met with a lot of people who deals with the ngo of ngos , which deals with the extremist organization of the modern society .
we need to inspire entrepreneurship .
and when you walk out of this room , you &apos;re  UNK  , and you &apos;ve got to tell your friends to tell you about the story of the story .
it doesn &apos;t mean that our mothers aren &apos;t important .
and i met him , and he was 14 years old , and i saw this guy who was 14 years ago , and at the end of a wake-up call accident , he said , &quot; doctor  UNK  . &quot;
and i believe that the key to the gate is to have a good viewer to communicate with communication .
maybe it &apos;s happening in your life .
ah , he had been prepared .
and then you have to pay attention to them .
i started to realize that lions are scared of intimacy .
it &apos;s not  UNK  .
so , five years later , i pulled my sister to my sister to go to a secret to my sister , and it was not allowed to remain alone .
but we &apos;re going to get lots of data from a lot of different data from the environment , and in terms of different sources , because we &apos;re going to eliminate those factors that are really relevant .
but you can do it in a prison , and you may be aroused misunderstood .
because i have to worry about how i look like every day .
and this is all the whole project , which is the kind of little bits of the nature of the human mind , to the people in the past .
i met a  UNK   UNK  town , and it was january , it was cold .
but the lions are smart .
all of these are affected by the tsunami of the tsunami , and in the swordfish , the bacteria are reduced by the bacteria , and even in some of the accumulation of  UNK  , all of these seals can incubate over the course of the past , which is a major part of the project .
we don &apos;t have to walk through every day .
in a community of individuals , we have 200 200 people .
some people even don &apos;t think that they are sentenced to people who are unemployed and unemployed hours every day , because they &apos;re born .
we also had the opportunity to start looking for this disease in the early days ago .
nobody knows what we are .
i &apos;ll never forget that tuesday morning .
we need to measure the scope of the final revolution , and we want to know when there was the only way that the cure is to be able to answer correctly .
in fact , i &apos;m a typical domestic victim , and the classic  UNK  survivor .
for me , i have to wait to go back to the calm .
and it &apos;s also what we hear about regret .
i live in los angeles .
and what does it mean for patients to go to the clinic if the patients can do it ?
one of my favorite words is called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
now , we rebuild our  UNK  , but we don &apos;t know how smart works like how to use their own cost and their energy .
there &apos;s no name .
and it &apos;s all because they want to wrap themselves together , like the other guy who have 5,000  UNK  , and so on .
thank you .
so i &apos;m going to give you some examples of what we &apos;re doing .
let &apos;s look at this . we &apos;re a little  UNK  .
although we are homo duplex , but our nature has become very different , because of the year .
if you &apos;re not a maker , you &apos;re not a restaurant .
we are the soils .
you &apos;re hard to find more than that , and charles darwin said , charles darwin said .
we &apos;ve done research , we &apos;ve been working on 100 companies in the world , universities -- and startup companies , merchants ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , yahoo , yahoo .
there &apos;s a really weird freaky , and it &apos;s like to go into the  UNK  or  UNK  .
they got me feel very bad , and i told them , you don &apos;t have to eat like this .
this is a south l.a. .
what we &apos;re going to focus on is how we &apos;re going to disrupt 70 percent of the 70 percent of food distribution , health , education and transportation .
by the way that material is used in the middle of the netherlands , there &apos;s a little tiny little sliver of water , and rainwater goes down , and rainwater cleans it , it &apos;s not too simple .
can you imagine a  UNK  community , how many of you have a personality and passion ?
now i &apos;m going to show you a new type of  UNK  technology that &apos;s called the  UNK  , which is a technology that &apos;s so that it can slow down the motions .
but nobody can help them , because everyone has spoken to their own parents .
so whether you look at the top , whether it &apos;s going to go to the next level of the next generation , or by adding new ideas , we &apos;ve put all the data and all the data on our online , and we hope , in this case , diy culture , can tell us that we &apos;re not going to be able to do it with  UNK  .
you know , it &apos;s just half of the truth , but it &apos;s not the only thing that we &apos;re saying that , &quot; i will never be , &quot; i &apos;m not safe . &quot;
thank you .
that &apos;s what it is .
when tomato comes up ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , from the  UNK  to the  UNK  the  UNK  .
but 1995 , my mother got a letter from home from her sister .
UNK  is the marketeers that protect them and our livestock and our livestock , but they &apos;re equally frustrated about this problem .
is this other thing you &apos;re going to do ?
you don &apos;t believe that hear a lot of amazing stories .
but that &apos;s the form of self .
i was married to my husband husband who had three children in 20 years .
i &apos;m going to question it . you know why ?
that &apos;s her .
this boy is eight years old .
and i really believe that when we put them as adults , it &apos;s very difficult for pessimism .
i &apos;m going to show you some examples from a couple of years , because it &apos;s not synonymous with pinocchio , and hindus , it can only talk about it .
we &apos;ve come out here . it &apos;s the big tank , in italy , a tomato tank , in zambia .
recent recent studies recently shown that there are no depth of fractures , invading the  UNK  percentile  UNK  , which gives rise to the rise of the disease .
and then i thought about a lot about death , and then i &apos;ll do this , and then i &apos;ll give it all the time that i had in my family and had something meaningful to me .
we honed in the middle of the  UNK  , the studio , the studio , not in the studio , in order to become the sun .
now , if you use a bullet from the same vein , it &apos;s worth a thousand times , and you know how long you need to do that ?
these people who are scared , and they want to give up , but this is a woman who stands up at the center of the local  UNK  , who will continue the same  UNK  for their own  UNK  , but they &apos;re ready for them .
by the time they &apos;re going to be judged .
i put pac-man gardens on the garden of land , and plants and trees are trees on my canvas .
he asked us to change him , and he went to the jungle .
and everything that i do is work on my work life , my whole life -- the profound effect of my life in africa .
the first project that we wrote to my first book , which was the first book called &quot;  UNK  . &quot; in the project , we decided to teach them food .
this year later , we went back to new york city , so we decided to take a same picture .
but the two words mean .
there are over 500 million volunteers that have taken us 90 percent of their families , and these photos are preserved and repair .
that &apos;s one of my favorite moments in my life .
i was detained twice .
they killed our livestock .
so that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to tell you about this : your sexuality may die in every single person in your individual , nationality , creed , income and education .
over 150 feet 10 feet 10 feet .
but as a conversation , as i said , alice , alice , the hole in the rabbit hole , saw the air to the new world .
i took this device on photoshop in two years ago , and we had no  UNK  .
UNK   UNK  is one of the things that i &apos;ve ever heard before , because the news that i ever had heard , i said , &quot; well , i &apos;ve been seduced by warning , &quot; if i repay this industry can make poverty .
i think people are too easy to get out of the  UNK  , and forget about what &apos;s really important .
you know , even though they learn to chinese , find their jobs , and the whole world will live in the loop .
and this woman is very lucky to us .
so what &apos;s the problem ?
i wanted to have a lion for them to be  UNK  next to me .
so what did i do in my team at mit ?
so i promise you , i &apos;m listening to listen to someone who i &apos;m talking about , or someone who has been abused or raped or you &apos;re a  UNK  .
use science and your credit card , your  UNK  and the jargon , which is to share what you &apos;re doing , and then you &apos;re reacting to the amazing work that you &apos;re doing .
now , the open organization started to be perhaps another  UNK  garden .
and if these guys criminalize themselves to destroy freedom of their freedom , they &apos;re all their houses .
i &apos;m just one of those who have told you .
nobody would refused to say , fortunately , none of us were holding our cameras .
what can we see here ?
we can compare the data directly to the data .
we &apos;re trying to communicate with local residents .
i used to say a word &quot; english &quot; and the person to explain it , the guy went to the ambulance service for the family , to my family and buy two dollars for the rest of my return .
so they gave him one of their most cherished , tenacious , most famous ones .
so i had a idea .
for instance ,  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
in fact , i &apos;m going to make it calm down , and i &apos;m going to show you the amount of equipment .
that &apos;s my muse , and i tell people , to feed your food .
there are no windows left .
that was the morning . i was wearing jeans .
and that &apos;s where we started to visit our visit our backs .
this is what it looks like .
over the last time , we walked down , and she fell down , and she went through , and she pointed out , and she pointed out , and she looked at a red ribbon of  UNK  , and she was like a teenager , and she was kind of love to go back to the beginning of the time that we had before .
my grandfather was his extraordinary privilege .
these light points into the room , some will come back to the door , and then into the camera , so we can use the reflection of these light .
a year ago , i was a forest in the savanna , and i was looking at the  UNK  boy , and i look at the plane up and said , &quot; i &apos;ll be there .
so , 2011 , three months ago , i was a mime  UNK  , new york city .
well , in the past few centuries , in our last few centuries , not only the health , the young ones that are so healthy , and these are all the ingredients that we have in our biological lives , including the body of  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  .
and the survivors of survivor survivors can be beautiful and cute .
back to the  UNK  , and i don &apos;t cry to cry , but by the  UNK  , he  UNK   UNK  , and i  UNK  him , and i , &quot;
because of the camp and the oars of the oars and my camera couldn &apos;t work .
after six months of japan , six of them , &quot; volunteers , &quot; volunteers , calls hundreds of thousands of volunteers to become japanese , and of course ,  UNK   UNK  .
i was walking around , and i was walking around 50 yards , and i was 19 years old , and i was 19 years old ,  UNK   UNK  .
so that began to start my journey of the dawn of modern slavery .
i want you to understand that these are not my pictures of myself .
so i &apos;m standing here today with the blood in afghanistan , and god bless my roommate , and god bless my roommate , as a defender of liberal arts and a vibrant artist who lived in afghanistan , in the past five years , and work .
even though the things that happened , i was convinced that we live in our lives , because we love it .
i can only figure out what i can do with the  UNK  tissue , allowing them to modify themselves , and i believe they can do it .
UNK  knows what love is .
it &apos;s kind of like food .
joel is our nature of junk nature .
and it &apos;s a beautiful beautiful garden .
let &apos;s say , july , just in japan , we &apos;ve created a branch of the confines of the confines of the  UNK  peninsula .
it &apos;s very uncomfortable , very good news is that i &apos;m not going to wear them .
the next question that people ask is : &quot; do they live photos ? &quot;
first , you have to give them the promise .
and this is why extremism is against this title .
&#91; using lasers , we can create an original picture , and what you see on this screen is that there &apos;s not a meaning in the screen , but then we &apos;ll take a bunch of photos , and then we analyzed it , and then you analyze it , and then we can see that object can be visible ?
this is the beauty of the photo , which has to be done with sticks , or by flipper , to flatten the color of the  UNK  , and the ones who don &apos;t have to do it .
i was so lucky that i grew up with a teacher education to educate her family .
we tend to act as victims of  UNK  ,  UNK  women , as part of the news .
it &apos;s already estimated over 4,000 million children in the back of the bay , which is the biggest  UNK  in the world .
so they &apos;re sitting together together , and they want to talk to los angeles to what los angeles to say , and so they put it in the south bronx , and it &apos;s going to be the
you &apos;ve tried it again , right ? but — — — — i &apos;ve tried it , but i stopped it , because it went to me .
this is the  UNK  , just like i say , a rock band of rock .
the solution to the solution is to use the friction of asphalt .
in the  UNK  bottle of men , women , kids , in fact , the whole family was covered with the underside of the ice , and then dumped their bricks into a hundred yards , and then hundreds of thousands of miles on their tracks .
this is not a  UNK  .
by the way , he had to go to the front lines of the tsunami .
i &apos;ve got some of the greatest goals .
so what i &apos;m talking about is to make people get engaged , get kids from the streets , allowing them to understand their own desires , the principal , the farmer .
so today , i want to talk to about an obvious problem , and this is the answer to this question .
and he goes to the synagogue , and the voice , warned a voice , he warned his daughter to school .
what we &apos;re doing is that they talk to them , and discover what they &apos;re interested in .
in india and in nepal and nepal , i was sent to the  UNK  .
he was sent to london in london , but he was very brave , and he was courageous enough to report on the parliament , and he ended up in his final support of london .
it &apos;s a very scary fact that the north koreans have to be verifiable , and it &apos;s so hard to survive .
our approach is to work with our clients , and we have to build a whole bunch of infrastructure .
and his daughter was three and his wife said , &quot; hey , why don &apos;t you have to go back to new york city , to go to this little bit ? &quot;
there &apos;s nothing to do with boredom ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , which is the  UNK  nature of his nature , prejudice unknown , which is a person who is illogical .
sounds ridiculous , right ?
he doesn &apos;t want to look like other babies , and in fact , he seems to me that i &apos;m not interested in .
a lot of them are being accused of  UNK  , and they &apos;re ethically spam , and we &apos;re trying to get a good job , to get the to to , not to fight for the threat of violence .
so the l.a. book was published , and steve  UNK  wrote a story about the story and the university of maryland , and he was talking to each other , and they brought it to the hundreds of thousands of straws , and collected a  UNK  , and we &apos;ve done it .
you have to get the clinic , and it &apos;s pretty expensive , and it &apos;s pretty large , and it doesn &apos;t mean that in the clinical trial haven &apos;t done it .
it &apos;s not just boring , not just boring , but dependence on the language of our brains , to compel us .
they took me down the stairs on the underside of the underside of the  UNK  .
i &apos;m like , &quot; what am i going to stop ? &quot;
we have a  UNK  machine in the lab .
but what makes me sad is that even though the reality is that even though they &apos;re not as if they &apos;re looking at a normal person , it &apos;s an extraordinary thing , but it &apos;s extraordinary .
the answer is simple .
but if you look at the block , you &apos;ll notice , you &apos;re sitting on the tomatoes , and on the tomatoes , it &apos;s quivering . it doesn &apos;t smell .
who we do , whether we &apos;re going to do it .
thank you very much .
from 1950 to 1977 . i look very young , but actually i &apos;m older -- i &apos;ve graduated from zambia , kenya , somalia , somalia , somalia .
in fact , they &apos;re most randomly selected randomly .
sometimes , it &apos;s a little bit of a week because of
kenya is going to be the biggest  UNK  in sub-saharan africa :  UNK  , which is going to be installed in the bay area .
and recently , if you look at the news reporter -- that &apos;s what you see in kenya -- like kenyan mps and silly .
this is what happened when 9 / 11 , and i was trying to explain how 9 / 11 happened to the day of the day .
and then , at that time , they had a lot of time to get these pictures , and of course , depends on .
i lived in new orleans , and i fell in love with the city .
you will wonder whether you &apos;re going to work .
because we have a camera camera with this camera , which is our camera camera , and there are some special abilities .
i mean , some of them would call him in washington , d.c.  UNK  , who said that george bush , george washington , d.c. , and he called  UNK  de grey .
but of course , because of all kinds of tissues and blood , and it &apos;s really hard , and we &apos;re calling for the fact that we call scientists to figure out how to look at the technology into a new drug model . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
so , why did i do this ?
these images are not really about issues , but about people who are real , and you know , like me , you &apos;re worthy of the right importance of life , dignity and respect .
UNK  , ok , that &apos;s pretty amazing .
for me , afghanistan was very hopeful about the possibilities of possibilities and possibilities for every day , and every day i would have to warn me .
UNK   UNK  , one of the greatest fighters failed , a few years ago , died 3.3 years ago .
most of the time spent on average fortune for the wealth of the wealth company , including moses ,  UNK  and washington .
what &apos;s interesting is that it &apos;s more  UNK  than the  UNK  .
now , of course , people are not interested in love , so we &apos;re paid to pay them to go to school , and they &apos;re also a little bit later .
i &apos;m here today because i &apos;m a model .
but when i went back to afghanistan , i went to my parents and support their parents , i saw the hope for the future , and i saw this change .
some came out of the table , and it went on the table , so you start to see that .
for two weeks , i &apos;ve got hundreds of volunteers , and they &apos;re willing to join us .
just before i started my whole life , i got a fantastic call .
what do you want to sample from these specimens ?
and occasionally , there are some of these little  UNK  meetings in a group of  UNK  , and there &apos;s a lot of governance , but it really is not a .
this is a problem in congress .
he couldn &apos;t see , very rarely ever , because most of the news was really depressed .
translate me their stories .
i want to share with you something about the wall of the wall .
i couldn &apos;t believe that in a way that i trusted a woman and a girl , never before anybody had ever been there .
you can &apos;t have any  UNK  , otherwise it won the mess .
so in fact , i &apos;m not .
english mania was very important , so i had to learn to the third language -- english .
when photographers went to me , fumbling on my chest .
you also need a machine like this , a portable device -- it &apos;s used to cook .
now , as a filmmaker , you know , if you want to go away , you &apos;ve got a little light , but we &apos;ve got to go faster than the shortest period of time , so you almost don &apos;t know anything .
what is the question ?
of course , it also has weaknesses , of course , the opposite of the road is  UNK  asphalt .
i wanted to know what i call my conflicts in afghanistan , and how to become ethnic conflicts .
that &apos;s the  UNK   UNK  , listen to them . &quot;
the the the the doesn &apos;t want to stand up in washington .
and that &apos;s what i want .
every year , hundreds of thousands of years , they were banned in china and returned to the north korea , and they were tortured , or arrest by the opposition .
when i was in the morning at the high school , i saw these boys coming in the morning , and they started working in the morning .
we &apos;re trying to figure out the intensity of the intensity and the intensity of multitasking .
you don &apos;t even have the smartest people in the community , because they don &apos;t even have public reporters .
and it was forgotten by forgotten , and it was rebuilt into a very vibrant place , and the hopes of my mind and dreams became so fiery , and i was also disillusioned with laughter , and i was also disillusioned with laughter .
although i &apos;ve been lucky enough to go north korea , and i don &apos;t have any good intentions .
it &apos;s too cold , but it &apos;s too cold , and it hasn &apos;t been a little girl in the photographs of the picture , and we have to fix it .
some of them went down to china in beijing , but a lot of people were attacked by the police , and they went back to the north .
i even had my identity .
a hundred years later , even hundreds of years , how did he share the best and love that we were doing .
you can read this book , called &quot;  UNK  aid , &quot; author malcolm burrows .
you can guess what &apos;s going on .
all the businesses in the world , there &apos;s only one thing in the world , there &apos;s only one thing : there &apos;s no one in a whole lot of people .
he doesn &apos;t speak . he doesn &apos;t care others .
especially when i first started , he thought i was an introverted icon .
so i went to my team , &quot; los angeles &quot; and we started planting planting our own forest , and we have a lot of cooking food .
and put a hose in a car .
abuse may be happening in your daughter , in your sisters , your best friend .
he had a lot of memory .
so you plan a program .
we have in the gowanus canal and  UNK  .
it &apos;s more like a restaurant .
and even if we had netscape , my family was convicted of illegal dumping .
there &apos;s no such a valley valley , where people who are not going to become part of it .
and if these images don &apos;t have to clean water , we can &apos;t fix the repair , and fix it .
thank you .
so this is l.a. in los angeles :  UNK  , idaho ,  UNK  .
and it actually turns out because it was a pity , this great name was  UNK   UNK  , on the parliament .
there were no choirs . they didn &apos;t create this book . i mean , this debuted , it was four years ago , but it was a quote from a meeting .
i know it was a little bit of private , but i was young .
so i &apos;d like to leave you with a  UNK  approach that we can try to do that , because you know , at least in some sense , we &apos;re all like a friend of mine .
he was in afghanistan , with a different way of thinking about him , and he insisted that his daughter kitra cahana went to school , went to school , and to school , and went to school , and then he went to school .
so , in our papers that we published the &quot; nature , &quot; it was translated into the nature of nature , and then they created this animation .
it doesn &apos;t make a difference in your control . when it &apos;s a fantastic industry , it &apos;s not a sustainable industry .
in the myth of the torah ,  UNK   UNK  , he risked his life , from dow jones to the  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
the secret is that i used to be that i used to wear my soul in my soul , and i put a lot of guns with the gun guns , and many times .
and it was the part of my return to return home , and as a punishment , my family was forced to become a remote place where i moved to a rural village .
so there are some of these things in the right now .
now , if you put this out of this , these are these buttons in the bottle ?
the government is going to give us a new superhighway on our  UNK  feet , 400 kilometers , we &apos;re there .
i &apos;m just furious .
so i want to talk to you a few useful ways , and tell you how to make sure that you can make a  UNK  sexy , sexy ,  UNK  .
you know , you can see the camera with a completely different picture of a stranger .
i often wondered why they don &apos;t have flowers .
so in the last few years , i tried to live with a  UNK  of different  UNK  ,  UNK  and chalk , and these tools to build sidewalks in public spaces .
i &apos;m going to say that people often ask questions to ask me questions .
and that &apos;s why , after 10 years after 10 years , i decided to go to korea . so , i started again a new life .
do you know what ? you can choose any career .
noise will remain in these deep crevasses .
and i also wanted to give an incredibly  UNK  filmmaker mira nair , and i &apos;m going to talk to the art of how the world trade organization was called &quot; the white person on the throne of the white house . &quot;
but i do something that i have to do because i have to do it .
it &apos;s about it . thank you .
&quot; before i die before i die . &quot;
and the truth is , because their minds aren &apos;t responsive to adversaries , they &apos;re often misunderstood .
over the last 28 years , i &apos;ve been photographing a  UNK  fellowship over 60 years , 60,000 years , and in 2009 , i &apos;m very privileged to have independent characters in  UNK  .
people here who are working at nba workers usually prefer to the nazis .
and i said , &quot; i said , &quot; we &apos;re 32 million times .
and for me , this is the most difficult question that people have asked me and pain and pain , and you can &apos;t understand , but only the victims that we &apos;re leaving behind ourselves .
in fact , the conclusion from the experiment was that , if we were all four in our trials -- and we were going to hit this machine -- we &apos;re going to put this machine to the brakes -- we would have to transplant the buses -- and on the four days of life on average , of course , lots of dollars .
but this time , i &apos;m going to go to the secret .
they don &apos;t come to you .
when i was a kid , i thought my country was the best part of the world , and learned a song called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
there is a lady who teaches us .
barack obama , obama said , &quot; the president of the obama , &quot; but now i &apos;m just waiting for the rest of the senate .
the community have a problem .
i &apos;d like to give up , but my father would say , &quot; listen , my daughter , you may lose everything in your life .
because nothing happens .
that means that patient patient themselves .
i &apos;m not the citizen of the country .
and think about it , you know , kids get a long list .
every single sentence is specific , so it &apos;s different from the  UNK  .
we can do it .
and it turns out , because we &apos;re looking at the speed of light at the speed of light , and we have some strange phenomena , and we &apos;ll be really glad to see these pictures .
i didn &apos;t know what was going on in this experiment , but next day , the whole wall was filled with a new answer .
school is in a room , we put 100 in a small living room .
the worst news is that i &apos;m going to shove this song from the head , because if you &apos;re smiling , i &apos;m praying .
you should look at all these junk -- you should look at how we put into our  UNK  of the world .
in west africa , some people who don &apos;t have severe chest headaches , from parkinson &apos;s full length of parkinson &apos;s  UNK   UNK  .
this is where i live in kenya , kenya , nairobi in nairobi .
this is an accident , and he won &apos;t kill me again .
&quot; oh , i &apos;m not going to . &quot; do i want you to help ? &quot;
it &apos;s a little sliver of japan , and it &apos;s about five million people .
now , i &apos;m not a psychiatrist , doctor ,  UNK  ,  UNK  experts .
and if we can make this material , we have a solution .
it started spinning , then more and more , and more later , i was not going to show it .
and that means that in every single corner of the world , even in its parts , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s not illegal .
and what i &apos;m sure is , besides surgery , like six months ago , i used to work on the work of work , we &apos;re basically changing the appearance of our  UNK  , even though it &apos;s a huge amount of impact on our lives .
in south asia , some of the national places like india and pakistan , in four quarters of the  UNK  , which means that they &apos;re going to live in the next 15 years , because the  UNK  islands have been sold by  UNK  acid .
first of all , why would they leave us with this ?
this is something that can make light visible light .
now , there &apos;s a lot of going to happen , so let me show you a little demonstration .
i wanted to compare the median wage for health .
i was working on computer computer , and i wanted to do my homework assignments , and i was crying out of my hands , and i couldn &apos;t breathe , i couldn &apos;t breathe , and i couldn &apos;t breath , and i couldn &apos;t walk away , and he yanked my head clutching my head .
everything was ready .
we &apos;ve started this project in 300 entries around the world .
and i &apos;d like to finish to one of the emails , and i got a letter from this , from  UNK  , six months from the japanese day .
wrong . they &apos;re slavery .
the woman who was lying on the ground was lying on the ground , holding a child , a child soldier in the face of the baby .
what are we doing ? we &apos;re looking at the vents . we &apos;re installed in them .
and this kind of material , and if we &apos;re going to build cities in cities , like the dutch path , we would like to make noise .
now , when you describe the scientific theory , you &apos;ve got to understand the jargon .
i grew up there , i grew up in my son .
it &apos;s not .
so a few years ago , i had a thought , why didn &apos;t we at least at least one time at the time to listen to their ideas , rather than putting them into our communities ?
and what i &apos;m going to do is you &apos;re using powerpoint presentation in your slide , don &apos;t use aluminum  UNK  .
thank you .
nobody wants to build a company . nobody .
a typical tree can get a 1,000 , even a seed .
i want these images to be able to come up with this kind of power station that will resonate with the power of hope , and i hope that the power of the power can be unleashed by the  UNK  of  UNK  , because if no  UNK  will continue to continue to live in .
in particular , it was a little girl , and a woman came up with her headdress , a picture of baby , a picture of a little girl , because this was a woman , because i had a similar picture of my grandmother , my mother , my mother , my mother , and my mother , on my mother &apos;s house , and this photo was installed in my house .
and again , when i was in a homeless in downtown los angeles , i opened a garden .
and put a hose down on the front porch .
i asked these five species of  UNK  , not to eat bluefin tuna , but in a 60 kilogram of milk , it &apos;s sold for 150,000 dollars apiece , and then 150,000 farmers came to me and said , &quot; hey , can you help them ? &quot;
i had an infected with one of these people .
and this is an important lesson that i think you can learn , and i want to leave you with the points for you .
your money may be fired , you may be torn into war .
so there &apos;s a second way :  UNK  .
and that &apos;s what i &apos;m going on . i &apos;m going to do it .
we are victims of our help .
first of all , it &apos;s my favorite place where i &apos;ve been able to find all the data that i &apos;ve ever found , and i &apos;ve never been quoted in the senate from the senate .
so if the viewer is here , here &apos;s the place here -- this beautiful  UNK  says , &quot;  UNK  , i want to take a walk back in my mouth , &quot; and this is the front rudder , and then it comes back to the front , and then it comes back to the back of the back , and then you &apos;ll look back to your friends , and then go back to 300 friends .
for afghanistan , i realized -- this is not the only country that didn &apos;t realize -- it was a father who &apos;s succeeding -- what we did in his accomplishments -- and realize his daughter &apos;s success , which is his own success .
we need to go to the government .
UNK  and  UNK  are  UNK  , and they were ecstatic down , and over and over again , 17 hours a day .
we went to the subway in new york city , and he came up with me .
when we &apos;re at the first end of the industrial revolution -- we use antibiotics for fossil fuels , but we &apos;re aware that this is unsustainable unsustainable .
some of you may not be familiar with this idea of how we think about the term , and it &apos;s been a complex disorder , and the hyperactivity disorder is disrupting the hyperactivity disorder , and sometimes the  UNK  movement .
in the morning , this gentleman come to the hall of this conference in the ground and put a stick on the ground , and says , &quot; can we be able to imagine a city without a  UNK  ? &quot;
this is the picture of a photo of a few months ago .
thank you very much .
so this is my legacy , and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve been striving for .
and of course , you can say , &quot;  UNK  and  UNK  , &quot; why doesn &apos;t it &quot; space &quot; space ? &quot;
her name is  UNK  , to me , as she said , my mother died , and suddenly no one .
because i was a little kid , and i was able to do anything else in my room , and i even handed my mother  UNK  mic , and i was killed , i killed a lot of knowledge about the electron .
you can &apos;t stop the transmission of transmission disease .
i was 22 years old , and in the united states , 24 / 11 percent of women who are trafficked twice as much as divided by women , they were twice as much as divided by women , and in the united states , there were more than women in the united states , and there were more women in the united states , and there were more women in the united states , and they were more likely to be trafficked .
there are thousands of birds in the earth .
but what if the patients were able to do it ?
you can become the president of the united states or the next generation or a parody of  UNK   UNK  , which is good , because you will be the first one .
we all live on the floor , and we &apos;re all too busy and die . &quot;
so the senate won wins .
but if we don &apos;t change the production of the soil , we will never do that .
so , over time , more of these things are needed to do it , we need to be able to look at these photos , and i need to be able to look at these surveys , and i go back to a whole bunch of websites , and i go back to facebook , and in new york city , i &apos;ve got to have help them help , help them help , help them come up with 12 different countries .
but the person is that dogs and other ailments and other ailments disease , there &apos;s no biological makeup , so you can &apos;t do the math , and the best thing we can do , is the best guess we can do .
tell someone else .
her family had a lot of chicken eggs , and she asked me if i could help her in the house .
over the long axis of el sistema grew up in the united states , like the  UNK  and the temple and the other continent , and there were 16 ounces , and of course 11 , they had the risk of extinction .
the first time in the first day i was five days ago .
and i asked everybody to the cop , the neighbors , neighbors , my friends and family , and i &apos;m standing here today , because everyone has given me .
the number of sites that i have in los angeles .
i saw the wheelchair in the wheelchair .
when i was 11 years old , remember , i woke up in my morning , hearing your voice .
my new schools now joined them and helping me to raise awareness and raise more money .
discoveries that  UNK  violence against the  UNK  and  UNK  disaster response , incentives , incentives .
this is a person who &apos;s healthy person in the middle of a healthy room , which we think of as a  UNK  assistant , because when we call them , we &apos;ve got to coordinate these things , and these are hard-wired , for example , for example .
but in order to make the real truth about the relationship of politics and politics , i want to take you back to the united states , in the past .
and the gun that was an obvious signal to me was that , although he hadn &apos;t got to the golf cart , i had no  UNK  .
they had to get to the queen , so i started to support them .
when i was three years old , my brother was born , and i was very excited about my new family .
and it was in 1990 , and they came together , and they came together for a new york city in the new york city , and they came up to 100 million years later in new york city .
let &apos;s just take your ideas simple and taste it .
charles darwin , charles darwin invented the winding trail of the atlantic ocean , discovering discovery , and he said , &quot; these are hopping ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  birds , the birds of the birds , the  UNK   UNK  of the birds , the birds of the birds , the birds of timbers , the birds of the birds , the birds of timbers , the birds that are veiled caretakers alone with a white house . &quot;
so i wanted to share with this kind of nurturing and to create memories of memories .
and everybody else does that .
i didn &apos;t know him abusing me .
you can see , the light is  UNK  , because lions are from there .
we cleaned a lot of  UNK  ,  UNK  fish ,  UNK  fish , and fish fish .
i grew up in war-torn countries for decades .
thank you . thank you . thank you .
to address this problem , we consider the  UNK  material .
since he started , he was working in the lake .
and he said , &quot; yes , that &apos;s why we don &apos;t feed the penguins . &quot;
truth and history provides the meaning of history .
they &apos;re so elegant . charles darwin said , he changed his view of his own eyes , and he saw the height of his life , and then later on his feet .
and at this point , you &apos;re thinking , wow , this is amazing , or , &quot; oh , she &apos;s  UNK  , &quot; but in the whole process , i actually talk about you .
and the road congestion is so unpredictable .
i thought there was only two percent of us were in africa in africa , but when i knew that american americans were british , they were born , and they were shocked , and i was very proud of what we did .
well , there &apos;s a picture of a photograph .
in the course of our family , 35 million years ago , we have an international criminal justice ; they were responsible for the doctors , and the same thing was happening to me .
i started to see when i was growing up in war , and i looked at my friend , and i looked at the baby boomers , and the souls of dads was shouting in the crowd , shouting , &quot; the march 20 years later , &quot; and then he didn &apos;t even know what it means .
you know , there may be some people who won &apos;t give us .
he was screaming .
i &apos;m going to college college .
for us , it &apos;s expanding .
i see it all over the world , two young men on the boat , a few of them , right ?
it has  UNK  sections .
and these western societies we &apos;ve spent two billion dollars in the last 50 years .
so it &apos;s not just knowing that we &apos;re going to know the distance from the door to the room , but at the same time as far as possible , but we don &apos;t know where it is .
and at that point , i heard a man called me , &quot; how did it ? &quot;
the first way i think of is to use fire , because i know lions are scared of fire .
i &apos;m not thinking free , because it &apos;s not sustainable .
so what that means is that people can use the phone calls on your phone , and you can test the test and do this test , and people who can dispense phone calls and listen to their voice , and then their doctors can figure out what they &apos;re doing in terms of their disease .
this is me right now .
i have a bachelor &apos;s native english instructor , and there &apos;s some reason for a high school handbook .
sometimes , some of the older women have never seen them in their 10 days , they &apos;ll be able to take photographs of them into the next 10 minutes , and then they upload them scans , and then upload it into an  UNK  , or someone else might be able to be able to see the other end of the earth , and they &apos;re probably going to come back to the other end of the earth .
in afghanistan , you can create a wonderful example of art , but i don &apos;t want to be able to figure out how to compose myself , and i want to create an appreciation of creativity and reinterpret them to understand the world to understand the world to understand the world to understand the world .
and so we started joining .
we &apos;re talking about  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  , and the way we approached it is , there &apos;s only two pillars : two pillars .
that &apos;s equivalent to five million dollars .
i &apos;m here a little bit about javascript .
and i think i like to call them as second .
because we &apos;re at least for the least .
see , really , it works .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s called the white white tigers in africa , which is the boss .
we have volunteers to help make a team to help save local resources and the resources , and we discovered that the intelligence community can create the culture of the community and economics and the economy , as long as you can live with enthusiasm , this kind of imagination .
and although it &apos;s not too hot , it &apos;s not , but i &apos;m still decide .
and i found a switch on the underside of the lights .
how can we intervene to intervene in these  UNK  ideals ?
so ,  UNK  , hundreds of thousands of examples , can you actually figure out who you &apos;re healthy , who &apos;s disease ?
and as laura  UNK   UNK  said , this is like a tattoo .
they &apos;re all victims of violence .
it &apos;s really a school .
so what you see here is the buildup of this material .
and i really appreciate him , and i said , &quot; why do you help me ? &quot;
this is why i &apos;m doing it .
now , superman &apos;s phone .
so what i &apos;d like to talk about is a lot of stress .
and when i was shot , i took a bunch of candles in the translator , and i was candles in the translator , and i wanted to paint my messages and their stories and their dilemma and their dilemma , and when i was safe , i took this series of photos .
each of these little holes are dark dark on the wall , and they were supplied by  UNK  and  UNK  .
and as soon as he whispered his childhood companion , we had forgotten , and i forget my mother , and he said that reminding me that we have a profound understanding of uncertainty .
we are masters and natalie  UNK   UNK  , and you &apos;ll know that .
i moved to new york , and i started working at the first day job , &quot; when i was writing &quot; jeopardy &quot; and editors .
in l.a. los angeles , people died .
but it doesn &apos;t matter correctly .
&quot; before , before i die , i &apos;d like to take the trial . &quot;
and at the same time , at the table , and because at the top of the top , you can see in the top of the top of the top , you can see in the middle of the bottom , and it gets up .
first of all , i want to talk to you about the aesthetic experience of nature .
the whole process is very good .
these people are totally blind , and when we &apos;re faced with so hard to understand this , we have no idea that we &apos;re talking about in our backyard .
and we said , &quot; oh , my goodness ! &quot;
i mean , this is incredible . we said , &quot; look , how much meat is going to be easy . &quot;
you &apos;ve got the capacity to stop abusing domestic violence .
they can take all the bacteria on their body , and they can absorb the damage to the virus spread out of the virus and spread out vast amounts of minerals from the disease and decomposition .
when you look at the age of the night , it looks like this .
and the idea came to me a couple of weeks later , and i went to los angeles , and i went to see dr.  UNK  , and i wanted to do it .
and this is the way we can go to the door .
so back to my question : why am i going to live ?
i see their parents , especially my father , like my father , as they said , even though they saw their faces .
so from the beginning we &apos;re going to start this path , we &apos;re starting to call the  UNK   UNK  .
now , the shocking is that it &apos;s worth a billion dollars a billion dollars a year .
i remember one of my mom and daughter , and my mother looked at 9 a.m. at the night , when i came out , they were very upset .
i put it in a photo , and now i &apos;ll bring it back to what &apos;s going on .
because my family doesn &apos;t understand chinese , so i have to help them go to china to go to china , to go to southeast asia .
and the thing about sustainability is that you have to maintain it .
i used to read books , but now , is my invention to save my father and the lions , and we finally got lions .
so , in the future , there &apos;s a camera on camera in your mobile phone , you can go to the supermarket and don &apos;t get any hands .
&quot; i &apos;m not helping you , &quot; he said .
so the event of the event was triggered by the camera , and sometimes through the hull of the hull of space , we were able to build this path .
it can &apos;t take away , you can &apos;t eat , and you can &apos;t have a lack of water , they don &apos;t need toilets .
so i broke my silence .
i refused to become a part of that part of my own reality .
it allows us to believe in ourselves alone .
we &apos;re also become smelly and  UNK  , but we &apos;re frail .
in the 13th of 13 , i went to japan ,  UNK  .
and at the end of our conversation , i felt a terrible thing , and it was a terrible thing that i didn &apos;t know what was happening in the way that it seems like this , and i didn &apos;t know how many people didn &apos;t know , how many people do you know ?
but when these things don &apos;t seem to look at children , if they don &apos;t have a sense of food , how they affect their bodies and bodies , they just don &apos;t eat any food for their food .
thank you .
in fact , for the sake of our daughter , they &apos;re usually the first ones that tend to be honest , but in societies like afghanistan , we have to have men support in afghanistan .
let me tell you why .
we &apos;re a free organization , and it comes from a different set of different cities , and all of you are all of us , and we all are .
the term is that we understand the barriers of your ideas .
haters can &apos;t keep the environment clean .
now .
this person i used to know about my favorite musician , i would ask my father and threats to kill me .
a lot of people are hungry .
by the way , if you &apos;re trying to get to the clinic to get to pay attention to the clinic .
one of them was this grandmother .
what should it be like a leader leader ?
the hotel , the leaves , leaves , 96 .
i don &apos;t know how to do that .
i guess they &apos;re expecting to say yes , &quot; if you &apos;ve got a few more your hair on your feet , you &apos;re happy . &quot;
less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from the bus to the bus , and they were killed in the countryside .
and then i got tired of 45 minutes , and i went out to buy a  UNK  strip .
you may agree with that .
it &apos;s used to fertilize the gold rush .
why ? because the tomatoes went down there and then dumped the branches , and then hundreds of thousands of years ago .
a lot of people think this is called  UNK  .
i remember standing in the darkness of a dark matter of darkness , and i felt sheltered , and i felt like i was trapped in this song .
food is the problem , food is also the solution .
what we find is that they can travel through different countries , so if it &apos;s just to focus on a spot , you &apos;re hard .
of course , it &apos;s pretty good at africa .
&quot; before i die , i want to do the truth . &quot;
they don &apos;t want to call him the king of his king , or what he was going on .
and my behavior is very likely to be their perverse than that .
the south of south bronx is not devoid of the park of nairobi , and that means that like a lot of these  UNK  can be free freely in the park .
and at the same time , it &apos;s a huge noise .
and it &apos;s also very special training .
i wanted them to know , we would like to change them for them to change their lives .
this book was invented in 2009 .
we took a lot of samples in the way down in the lab .
the air pump is cold , and it &apos;s very difficult to breathe .
but then i realized that there was no significant thing , and it was also about the  UNK  also helped us to see our babies .
there are people who are not necessarily aware of knowledge , but we can support support .
so the day fall , and i said , &quot; i tweeted facebook , &quot; and i said , &quot; and lots of emails in the next morning , and they said , &quot; well , they &apos;re willing to help . &quot;
i &apos;ve been so lucky , and i &apos;ve got so much to help and help me , and i want to help these blessings of all of those who live in the international community of the international community .
he was willing to understand my family , my childhood , my wish and dreams .
and at the end of his uncle , dr.  UNK  , he went on mopping to his uncle , and he continued to continue to work .
&quot; you &apos;re going to go to a real school . &quot; he said .
it &apos;s about the word of words like freud .
now , when i look at people &apos;s eyes , and it makes me think that it &apos;s going to happen to me , and it turns out that i &apos;m going to ask me , &quot; why are you not afraid to kill you your food ? &quot;
at the time , they had a problem with the idea of george w. bush , their leaders .
this is one of the most famous things that they have .
but soon it was complaining .
so thank you for a different suit .
&quot; why should she leave ? &quot;
i spent a couple of weeks in japan , and i found myself in a  UNK  center in  UNK  .
UNK  restaurants are being groomed as well as  UNK  .
you can inform your client .
this is the way i can help other victims , and i &apos;m going to ask for your last request .
some of them were actually saying , &quot; this is her own wrong , &quot; as if it was a victim of unconditional and hopelessness who died .
i was 22 years old , i graduated from harvard college .
we helped the schools and cleaned up houses , cleaning up , so that we rebuild rebuild .
i was scared .
so , the conclusion is that we created a material that we developed with less energy , and it &apos;s going to be a lot of money that would make it happen .
and how do you expose them for the children .
a lot of ice started to be destroyed , because vitamin d &apos;ivoire was happening in terms of the wildlife of the wildlife and the animals that were used to use the animals to use the animals to chase the animals , and the animals were gripped by a  UNK  .
and i suddenly realized that one of our most important things that we create is our memories .
and i was very scared , and my heart was completely terrified of fear .
there &apos;s no .
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s this . &quot;
and at the same time , i &apos;m thinking about , if there is no way to get healthy food , what happens when you get from your home ?
a little in a small section , sexual women and children have a little bit more likely to sell more customers than buying their food and vegetables .
how are we going to express our desires to respond to our brand new aspirations and dreams ?
and we ended up her back to the day of her teens .
today we need to have incredible expertise and extraordinary skills , even inert structural features , and that might be a gift .
and during that night , it was damp .
i want to talk to you .
behind my background is my father at the national park .
there &apos;s no comparison .
you can see again , again , the sculpture is splitting and tomatoes and walls .
you don &apos;t have to design a new set of new tests to test .
even though this is just a great definition in the 18th century editor , and he said , &quot;  UNK   UNK  is a guy who &apos;s going to win for any decision , whether it &apos;s not going to have any authority or any prompt or anything . &quot;
and the second thing you can learn about the u.s. government said that the u.s. said that this is just temporary temporary -- it will continue to kill .
in kenya , there are lots and lots of losses in the world , if we lose these incredible species .
we can also communicate with the communication between the people who live in the world , because we &apos;re all living in burkina faso in the north korea , and we &apos;re going to go back to the rest of the world .
thank you .
there &apos;s no artistic director , no  UNK  , no  UNK  .
thank you .
i don &apos;t know what you are , but i personally personally , except for this photograph , i won &apos;t be in the family .
i don &apos;t know what word &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
UNK  : i know , electricity is already there , but i just want to do my own .
and if you talk to each other , i hope that we are capable of the power of our understanding of success and the failure of understanding that we understand .
working together with  UNK  , and we wanted to record the data collection of the world around the world .
i &apos;ll tell you a secret .
we started with  UNK  , and i was starting to really understand that reality , and i knew i knew nothing about the world .
and her three-year-old son , it &apos;s been so impressive , and it &apos;s still in two different schools .
it was like the graffiti artist , and they were on their walls , and i went , and i taped my mother .
in china , i think , as a young girl is very hard .
i think that &apos;s why i think we &apos;re in nairobi .
and this project also gives us a huge amount of money .
yeah .
one of the most amazing things that are used to do is to make me believe that i &apos;m in charge of emotion .
no wonder .
thank you .
i wanted to talk to a naturalist , and he was wearing  UNK   UNK  , and he was with a statue of popular singer and  UNK  religious values and responsibility .
i think it &apos;s almost impossible to walk across the border from north korea across korea , and so ironic , ironically , i flew in china , and then i went to the border .
in fact , 10 years .
you just take a look at the models , because they have the most  UNK  hair , the most glamorous ones , which is probably the most hard-working woman in the world .
so these are many times more than just a moment , or a special journey .
the fact is , in fact , when i was home in a friday night , he told me his work , and he said that he was because i got my father , and he said that he needed to go to the city and he could not have to go to wall street journal , and he was just going to go to the city of the town hall , and he was able to go to madrid town , and he was able to go to the city to the new york city of new york
despite what he did with his head , and i pulled me up with a lot of mine , killing a dog , on the freeway , on my aorta , and i was ready to take it out of my skirt , and i didn &apos;t think of myself as a  UNK  wife .
these young men helped me .
so , we took the gold seeds in idaho , idaho , one of the  UNK  of the maltese falcon , where we taught them to  UNK  , tomatoes and  UNK  , and so on .
at 21 21 years , i think we are masters of  UNK  , and we are in africa for africa .
and the reason why they don &apos;t get tired of them is because of the lakota  UNK  .
at the time , i didn &apos;t realize , natalie and natalie victims were  UNK  .
that &apos;s pretty cool , they share the distribution of pollinators , how they interact with them and how they interact with their own mother and their grandmothers , and they also see that they &apos;re really cool , just for this moment .
it just means that you have different types of different types .
it should be the first principles of aid .
not just because it sounds good .
i got these because i was identity , not my identity . some of them were paying attention to their appearance .
and i thought , &quot; what &apos;s going on ?
for the first time , i went to search for the secret to the secret of my chest , and i kept on the underside of my head , and it was so that it was so hard to fit into the underside of my head .
but a lot of people don &apos;t think so .
it &apos;s because there &apos;s some reason for the rest of his life , and his life has changed .
the bumper giant  UNK  swarms are always able to get rid of my soul , a few hundred meters of  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  , and all men and women and men , i don &apos;t believe in the middle of the muslim world .
this is a  UNK  .
so this is a very depressing thing .
in the backside , there &apos;s a side of the wall , and we &apos;re going to .
it &apos;s similar to the use of the autonomy .
and that &apos;s what i learned from the students , and i feel guilty about their thoughts , and i hope that other people experience the experience .
and i saw my garden to become the tool of education , bringing the tools of my community reform .
they put them together , and they collect them , and they &apos;re
i don &apos;t know what that means , but i can see my father &apos;s really good .
over 85 percent of domestic violence is male , and domestic violence is in the intimate relationships , and in other families , in other families , in other families , in other families , in the family , it &apos;s the most important part of the violence .
why did they feel like this ?
it looks like this .
the most important part is passion .
every week , we all worked on the  UNK  scans in the temporary world , and people were asked them to paint their pictures of their  UNK  .
they &apos;re entrepreneurs , they are fighting for them .
and i &apos;m not going to try to talk to you .
we use our hands with our hands .
we see the symptoms .
thank you .
now , my approach has been used in kenya for hundreds of millions of other animals , like songbirds ,  UNK  , and then they &apos;re also used for the fences to the  UNK  of the natural world .
i always took this photograph photograph .
for him , the children are not educated .
now , when our boat moves near his boat , he confessed to our canoe .
it &apos;s the local center of the local center of the people .
but what do we do ?
because i can &apos;t decide anything , you can become a professional magazine , or lockheed , m &amp; amp ; j &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
as , as a result , they agreed to  UNK  , &quot; but they also want to make sure that they weren &apos;t really sure that they weren &apos;t going to be able to admit that this was the nickname of the state in the state of the state of the world , whether it &apos;s not as &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  , &quot;  UNK  , &quot; from  UNK  , &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot;
this is the reason why it &apos;s on the street .
during the course of weeks , every volunteers , all volunteers and all indigenous people .
i don &apos;t know , the next is the victim victim .
but now , 50 years later , we can go back a few hundred years , but not only one of the first billionth of a second , or a billionth of a second , but in a hundred seconds , you see a number of billions of years .
i &apos;ve spent the age of yemeni women in the age of high school , and if it &apos;s not my family , i &apos;m like most people .
this is 22 years old , 22 years old .
and just a few years later , we had the first recorded history called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
and so scientists and engineers , and when you solve this equation , it &apos;s all about to say , and i &apos;m talking about it .
it &apos;s a little bit more technologically today .
my story begins with one of my stories , and i got a photograph from my new york city , and my wife took my photographs , and my wife came up my daughter &apos;s birthday . we &apos;re standing in the cockpit .
he looked at me , but he was convinced that he believed me .
and that &apos;s why i become a global  UNK  global organization , which is a devoted to global educational organization .
and at the himalayas , i met my kids at  UNK  , and the kids were sitting on the underside of the buses and the beach .
UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , what ?
and she started harvesting her pictures , until she realizes that she was able to make more damage .
whether it &apos;s about differences between us -- and we have a gift to say , &quot; normal sleep is completely untapped .
we &apos;ve helped build a home of companies .
frankly , he dreamed of the freedom to help freedom in order to help the organization of this organization , and that &apos;s what i believe passionately is a lot of contradiction .
we &apos;re making a little more finely crafted , which permeates the exoskeleton out of the  UNK  , we &apos;ve been bombarded by media , but we &apos;re really an amazing artists , and we can see images of images and images .
we &apos;ve tested many examples , and we &apos;ve seen our results , and they said , &quot; well , it &apos;s funny , we should do . &quot;
so we have a full understanding of our neighborhoods .
the conservative estimates that there are more than 1.5 million people in the world .
if you &apos;ve ever thought , if i ever had a backpack , i &apos;d better be happier , would i be happier ?
he said he was a child soldier , and he said that they had to have these guns .
&quot; the taliban left behind . &quot; uncle joe .
it &apos;s far beyond that .
this is the first attempt .
this is something that we call today &apos;s value creation , but the value of value is predetermined .
you can &apos;t imagine what it looks like , and how it might be affected .
some of me said yes , so the police test my  UNK  abilities , and i asked a lot of questions .
and he was watching a place called a  UNK  organization called  UNK  to criminalize victims .
and they put it in the fuel supply , and then they put it into the balloon , and then it was toxic .
i flew in the tanks and the police station , and i &apos;ve worked out all over the world , and i kept thinking about it , trying to get them out of it , and i hope that there was no money for a bribe or a good price .
you &apos;re going to read aloud .
it &apos;s not to go back home and i said , &quot; hey , although i &apos;m going to leave you with your friends , but i &apos;m going to give you a bath and i &apos;ll give you your back home , and so i &apos;m going to leave you with your home , and i &apos;m going to leave you with your father , and i &apos;m going to leave you with your neighbor , and i &apos;m going to leave you with your neighbors , and i &apos;m going to leave you with your friends ,
and  UNK   UNK  , who was driving out of the car , drove him out of his house , he threw a  UNK  sweater on my face .
one night , i took a bag of headphones on my shoulder , and at night , it was no shoulder .
we have to learn how to empower them .
and when you look at the toes , just like this , it starts with the first place in your mind , which is  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  .
so they decided to kill these lions .
what is called  UNK  stones .
thank you .
and as you can see , this river is very , very , very , very quickly , and to
now i &apos;m in this room , because i &apos;m not going to wear this dress .
150 years ago , a price of  UNK  was three times higher than the united states .
and it says , &quot; when you read this letter , it rained to my first five days , because we &apos;ve got two weeks .
they &apos;re not born .
there &apos;s  UNK  in the world .
i used my  UNK   UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , the  UNK  to the the .
we just moved to new york town -- i thought , &quot;  UNK  is safe here , and he bought a gun .
our devices are wonderfully tuned .
but there was a lot of men and women , and many men and women were telling me about their stories , and they wanted to tell them about what they were doing , and how they began to live , and the joy of joy -- the joy of joy , the joy of mother , mother and mother , mother , mother , mother , mother and mother , as i was living in the background of the violence .
in every day , every 20 minutes , 58 percent of the new insights is one of the  UNK  diseases of the world &apos;s fastest solution , but we don &apos;t know how insensitive it is .
each other passion is based on the basis of self , which is the most important .
but i didn &apos;t give up , and i didn &apos;t .
they don &apos;t have signed up , and their ideas , you know , the idea is that you have an election , kings have a protest .
look at that in the face of the african woman , we have a lot of damage in africa .
politicians are choosing the  UNK  and control of reality , but in fact , the reality is changing than reality .
the main reason i &apos;m really a really feature is that i have a genetic fitness , and i &apos;m a legacy of psychiatry that you might be in medicine .
because , i took a picture of every year ago , our daughter and didn &apos;t look like , and she went to the new yorker , and she looked at her eyes , and how she looked at how she looked at everything .
if they plant their tomato , they &apos;ll eat it .
it &apos;s very uncomfortable , but summer summer .
so i went gradually became bizarrely awkward .
they allow us to track and our memories and our past , our best moments to be fooled , but sometimes we first want to find something back .
our fellow people who believe that we believe that we live with our animals and our home and our lives , and that lives , and that &apos;s why we &apos;re so .
and in this picture , i actually found nothing in the real world .
we teamed up with our restaurants and restaurants .
i mean ritalin .
but i kept thinking about them about their personality , communication and communication , and i love to these things , and i don &apos;t want to use them again .
we did this experiment , and we added a lot of lot of pliers , and we use them to heat them , and we  UNK  them .
well , dancing is one of the human activities .
and i was shocked .
you know how to these trees are fish for fish .
what can you do ? you can fold up , and you can write your government and tell them , and they tell you , we need to focus on the negatives .
there &apos;s only one place : it &apos;s the staircase i &apos;m walking through .
one day , sixth week , a year .
so this is the first time i &apos;ve been able to see the first site i &apos;ve ever worked with  UNK  , and i didn &apos;t have a  UNK  .
the new orleans in the world has the most beautiful architecture of the world , but at the same time , she is also the most cities of the united states .
in fact , my students  UNK  , and i have to mention chris , because he made some amazing things that he had already shown , and now he has already shown that mobile phone , and now we &apos;ve reached the 99 percent of the time .
and in new york in new york , in new york , in new york , in new york , black men and men fought , they &apos;re not to say , &quot; am i going to be there ? &quot;
&quot; when i was in my hands , i was thinking about how to each of those individuals and the stories of the photos .
so at the end of the senate , the winning vote was loaded , because no one was annoyed when they were being told by the federal government .
they don &apos;t know .
find a new technology , instead of a new category , and it &apos;s a lot of flowers .
customers are good aspirational self-interest .
i was experimenting with the nih in the state of the country .
we can reduce inequality with patients with patients .
and i said , &quot; well , of course , of course i &apos;m afraid to kill it .
and they &apos;ll cut off the flesh of the larvae of their larvae .
i want to change this way . i want to change your mind , because they need our compassion . they really need .
what happens ?
he was so much more than my college , because i was the first person in the female , and i was the first person driving on the street in new york yankees .
i can &apos;t give them money , and i don &apos;t give them .
a few years ago , i saw an interesting article on paper .
so my great dream is that when i grew up , i became a fighter engineer and a fighter pilot .
and i thought , i was just short of my family .
and what excites me is , i can see the students in my school possibilities that way .
a new generation of entrepreneurs are unemployed today .
in 2009 , i lost my people .
the most valuable thing we have , is one of the things that we have , and one is another connection .
and sometimes i see the body of water .
UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , but we don &apos;t go to some of them in some of the fields in the edge of the edge of the edge of the edges .
we &apos;re always worried .
pp : my next invention is , i want to make a electricity . what &apos;s electricity ?
the pennsylvania lobby went to university professors in the university of teaching teachers .
i worry about how these changes are going down to the u.s.
i went to visit a village in india , was a slave trade .
and these are all sorts of requests from my own questions , how many of you ?
so i had to find a solution .
i wanted us to become part of the environmental revolution , a  UNK  .
thank you .
his  UNK  is like a  UNK   UNK  shirt , which is curiously .
any of any health care or any disease will be able to come together , cheap , i mean , i &apos;m glad that i &apos;m going to say that we &apos;ve got to talk about three or six .
on the end of 2011 , 2014 , as i said , i was watching the tragedy in the house .
i first had a piece of credit card . i had a very big secret .
but the word &quot; atheist &quot; is very important for political activism and all politicians have to try to control them .
i don &apos;t look like a  UNK  domestic victim .
and what they &apos;ve collected is to photograph this photograph , and i was lucky enough to get them in trust , and let me start harvesting .
that &apos;s the central park .
you can see , this is a air pump , and it &apos;s in light .
our scientists and engineers are the biggest challenge that we &apos;re facing , from our environment to the health to care about health care , etc . and if we don &apos;t understand , we don &apos;t understand what they &apos;re doing , and i believe that we don &apos;t understand what we &apos;re doing .
i mean , i &apos;m a comparative mathematical model for the mathematics , and for a particular puzzle is that we &apos;re willing to negotiate with management management .
a dollar  UNK  can borrow 75 dollars for you .
entrepreneurs who never do , they &apos;re not going to talk to the public audience telling them , they &apos;re going to plan what they &apos;re spending on their money .
and the board is that i did last year , and i &apos;ve got some of these passionate emails , and i said , &quot; well , my colleagues at mit , &quot; and my colleagues at mit , and my colleagues at mit , and my colleagues at mit , and my colleagues and did my colleague , and this is the lowline underneath the world , and right now there are all over the world .
let &apos;s do that , let &apos;s take our beds , our clothes and family become become the safest place to become a safe and peaceful peace .
now , the  UNK   UNK   UNK  has been banned in india , in the state of india .
and it &apos;s speed faster than the second .
the people around us around us to help us make a better place .
and all of a sudden , i didn &apos;t seem to call any national geographic .
he couldn &apos;t speak , but it was able to tell you that he was fluent with a very smart , and speech .
thank you .
this is a new kind of civic health initiative , a company that you face with your kitchen , your kitchen table , or a coffee shop , and you donate your water to encourage your business partners to improve your business .
in this case , we don &apos;t have the equipment or  UNK  , which is done by the printer .
where do i come from ?
every 20 minutes , i &apos;ve got to run away from my car to my car , and i put it on my air ducts , and i can curl up in the air , and i &apos;m sitting in front of the car .
it &apos;s happening around us , and we just don &apos;t know .
we have to give them the promise to their hips , and respect their privacy , and we &apos;re going to be good at them , so they &apos;re going to go to the door .
that &apos;s the first time that i ever heard the rest of my country .
unfortunately , over a million of them died in famine .
over 70 percent of 70 percent of the young people died in the victim , at the end of this session , because she has been done .
what &apos;s next ?
in schools , we &apos;ve spent a lot of time learning about the history of history , but we &apos;ve never been able to understand far beyond the outside world , except for the united states and south america .
and then he pointed out on the ground , and he says , &quot; yes , here &apos;s the way . &quot;
i want to introduce you to my two brothers .
i want to talk to you today .
he was just beginning to see .
they were inspired by a group of  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , photographers ,  UNK  and  UNK  and  UNK  , and they started to these things .
&quot; if you thought , it would kill me . &quot; he said , &quot; but i &apos;m not going to get you into the dreams of my daughter &apos;s future . &quot;
and as you can see , by installing solar panels , it &apos;s going to provide energy for batteries to provide a battery .
this is an image of compassion and reminding us some of us , and some of us , some places , a place , a place to someone else .
they don &apos;t want to be in the middle .
well , of course , you become a problem , but we have a solution .
the next question is , &quot; can you get free ? &quot;
i want to encourage you to pause here tonight , please don &apos;t have to say , &quot; can we take pictures of them ? &quot;
it &apos;s like a rock in plastic water .
UNK   UNK   UNK  , who &apos;s  UNK   UNK  .
this is the first visit on the ted stage , so i think we &apos;re here today .
i &apos;m just changing the  UNK  in six seconds .
who &apos;s the most inspiring talk ?
in recent times , the new york times reported about 100,000 children per year .
and eventually , after traveling through a long trip , i was reunited with my family in bosnia . but freedom was only half the time .
throughout the world , transcend barriers , we have some basic basic traits in the world , right ?
&quot; we have no freedom . &quot;
the vietnam was in the mid- &apos; 90s in the mid- &apos; 90s .
it &apos;s not easy .
so , using this technology , we can actually see the camera on the side of the road , and you can see that dim vision , or without looking at x-rays , we can see the optical camera on our camera , which is the challenge of our camera .
they become a  UNK  restaurant , family , family ,  UNK  .
but if they &apos;re not interested , what do you do ?
UNK   UNK  had looked at disney -- like a dog dog , become an amazing character , stupid poetry .
at some point , i &apos;ve been inspired by some of the  UNK  women .
&quot; before you die , it &apos;s a tree . &quot;
i &apos;m going to make my family freedom to make the freedom of the freedom of loneliness , and then at the end of my life , then went back and forth , and then in jail was paralyzed , and the prison was gone .
UNK  activities are the most good health and challenging activity , especially activity in the inner city .
my dream is , but they &apos;re more likely to me than even more .
there &apos;s a possibility of  UNK  .
and it means &quot; a politician . &quot;
i &apos;m frowning .
i wish we would give them a  UNK  .
you can see the bottom of the bottom line is a  UNK   UNK  .
as you can imagine , it &apos;s definitely  UNK  .
he didn &apos;t remember my chocolate , but remember that i had summoned the ipod on the ipod , and he said goodbye to the beatles , and he &apos;s four nights , and my uncle on the left arm , the lady &apos;s  UNK  birthday .
the first time i ever knew about &quot; the word &quot; impactful &quot; -- and i would say , &quot; oh , i don &apos;t know anything about it . &quot;
it &apos;s everywhere .
when i got a dot-com in cambridge in cambridge , and i went to a store and i bought them a dress .
in the course of the process of practicing in this era of intimacy , the ups and enjoyment of life becomes more important than ever before .
it &apos;s the asphalt of asphalt , which is a very good material , but it &apos;s not always , especially in the weather .
when they came out of the fence .
at that time , we didn &apos;t know that this journey would change our lives .
you have to tell them what they want .
we &apos;re scared , but we still want to go to school .
but it &apos;s hard to keep on this daily basis .
the second paradigm of domestic violence is beginning to violence against violence .
like the other american , american men , i lived in food , l.a. county , l.a. county , and the customer was purchased .
i hear people listen to hear voices , but more often than using noise .
when it comes to the picture of the site , it brings a huge difference in a different way .
if you go down to this side , you &apos;ll see these  UNK  -- that &apos;s what we see .
so these are these examples that i think we can help us to open up the public keys , and it &apos;s a good way of thinking about science and engineering .
he was on top of his  UNK  , and the good news , and good news about the good news is that his family has been devoted to the family and family and family and family and their family members of their lives , they have saved their own livelihood and make sure that their children are safe .
so what happened ? 40 years later , in 1900 , there was one in the united states , maine -- viagra ,  UNK  .
how can we create a lot of our memories of our buildings and make better sense of our land ?
we all know ourselves about the dangers of life , teacher , parents and all parents .
and this is one of my favorites , which is much more pleasant than the  UNK  .
thank you very much .
why hasn &apos;t you run ? i have a lot of opportunities .
and if you want to come up with me , grab the garden , and then we can do something else .
i wanted to take a whole neighborhood , and i was able to share it on the block .
at the time , i went to dr. marder , and i tried to quit this quivering  UNK  , and then i would be able to get there .
he just got a lot of stress , and my weddings and my family got him safely .
and the other thing that was worried about , it was kind of exhilarating , and it sounded like crazy -- oh , it &apos;s been  UNK  .
this is one of the cows eaten out of the night , and i found that it was dead in my morning , because i feel the only  UNK  in my family .
sometimes there will be  UNK  .
that &apos;s my  UNK  .
this is called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
there is no one that has never been done by a person who has been produced , sales , financial jobs .
if there &apos;s any stigma , i &apos;m going to go back .
so you &apos;ve got this scholarship . richard  UNK  : yes .
we walked into a community that wouldn &apos;t be anyone else in the community , but with the locals .
i was very lucky because i had a scholarship to learn from kenya , and this was the school of kenya &apos;s chief school district , and i was very excited about this .
a lot of these flying ends up to the side , and they &apos;re going to go around .
no , it &apos;s a  UNK  sign .
he had foie gras , but he had tuberculosis , he would have to have to work in a day .
they thought it was a sign of the past .
i feel very proud .
tell us why .
i just want to say that word , you know , you don &apos;t have to necessarily be religious .
so what we &apos;re going to do -- is shut up .
so we can build a community , in this community , where we have come from a  UNK  background in a cafe in the cafe , and in your bedroom , we can provide you with a boss of compassion , and we &apos;re going to ask you , &quot; what do you need ? &quot;
some people just want to call him the king .
and you know , that would be possible .
and they were beaten by the hand , and the father and the red and blue bars are two sons .
so we can help the education in the international community to support education , english training , etc .
and as soon as they can be released , it can be decentralized .
i received the opportunity to unveil the ted stage , and this is my first time .
and when you look at these  UNK  , they &apos;re closer to us .
public space is better to what we &apos;re really important for us , whether it &apos;s really important for us , or for the whole community for our communities , our fears and our experience not only can help us create a better place for helping to make a better place for us .
and so we moved to the  UNK  , but i &apos;d like to keep all the full police in the  UNK  .
now , the opposite , i &apos;m a woman who is a woman who is in charge of men and women , and i &apos;m the only person who can help the face of  UNK  .
UNK   UNK   UNK  , who &apos;s  UNK   UNK  .
they &apos;re just  UNK  .
now there &apos;s a lot of water in the  UNK  peninsula .
&quot; before i die . &quot;
and i realized that if i don &apos;t rebel , this guy would kill me .
and finally , this spiral will produce more damage .
there &apos;s a few blocks of these trees in these trees , weeping around these trees , the kids who are scared , the children are thrown overboard in the water .
and they found thousands of photographs , photographs , photographs and camera .
can you sell it ? do you get money ? &quot;
when i started a gardening campaign , i found a chance where we could train these kids to take their neighborhoods and develop a very sustainable life .
moreover , i realized that koreans had a huge difference between korean and south korea .
and with your children , your coworkers , your friends and family members of this talk .
they knew that they were going to be seen .
i saw the center of my mind like starbucks .
plus you can produce .
and i thought that i was alone in a world where i stayed in my men , but in fact , it was very common .
these are nba about these  UNK  , and they &apos;re wearing these rods on a bag of plastic tubing , which is smashed down to the other region , and it &apos;s  UNK  .
these pictures are easy to again .
the  UNK  horn of  UNK   UNK  is awash and creators and  UNK  and beans , usually ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  , egypt and egypt .
some of the other things that might strike , the long-term trends , even if the catholic church will be fought by the ministry of justice ; they &apos;re forced to blame victims and her children , and the children usually become orphans , and the kids usually get to the family with the mother of their mother .
do you want to continue to continue ? &quot;
he used a lot of a lot of many treatments .
after three days , i got my money to pay the bills , and my family was released , but soon after they were released , they soon thereafter .
now , if i &apos;m going to laser a laser pointer , and then a couple hundred meters per second -- and i &apos;m going to create stacking these things , and i &apos;m stacking these films , these photons are just four meters , and it &apos;s like a bullet , which is like a bullet , it &apos;s better than a bullet .
otherwise , the male face doesn &apos;t look like the face of the face of the face of the face of the face of the face of grass , and it &apos;s just hanging out .
and we were there , and i went there .
and the paradigm here is using simple , simple sentences , and to make sure that the audience is not able to figure out what &apos;s going on , and then we &apos;re able to provide images of our senses , and allow us to understand what we &apos;re describing .
now , remember , this whole thing is going to happen in the next year -- that &apos;s  UNK   UNK  -- but now i &apos;m going to take this video to the speed of the movement that you see here .
i couldn &apos;t give them any help .
so , those places , i &apos;ve been told .
we &apos;ve got about 50 people involved in our team , and they &apos;re all volunteers .
they have a connection with islamic cultures .
so what i &apos;d like to do is i want to dedicate this project .
it &apos;s very much historical history .
&quot; before , before i die , i want to become someone else . &quot;
and it was incredibly inspiring to me , and it was very inspiring to me , and i &apos;ve always been saying , &quot; well , when i got these pictures , i really did what i call &quot; creative . &quot;
i was working at an ngo in ngo , and every year , we failed in africa .
it &apos;s got a lot of time resolution , and it can take the speed of light .
images are powerful , but it &apos;s also  UNK  .
if someone says to me this , funny , compassionate and depressed , and i &apos;m going to make sure whether or i &apos;m going to play a little bit faster than what i do , and i &apos;m going to play basketball , and i &apos;m going to play basketball , and i &apos;m going to play basketball , and i play basketball , and i &apos;m going to play basketball , and i &apos;m going to play basketball with who i &apos;m going to laugh and who you have a bachelor &apos;s degree , i &apos;m going
instead , as einstein said , let &apos;s make it simple , not rocket .
one of the school juveniles are coming from the tsunami .
and each person is offended , and actually , in fact , because of this argument has three weeks .
because it &apos;s filled with holes , each one of the noise , and it &apos;s silent .
at the time of the tsunami at the time of the tsunami , reached 20 miles away , two miles away .
for a year , i made 27 years of the project , and the government came up to me and asked , &quot; what do you do ?
but the answer to the second one , which is what i say to ask the question , &quot; why ? &quot;
it would be a  UNK  . richard  UNK  , you know .
this is the time we have spent our time , and it &apos;s the most time time we have the most satisfying time .
and the thing that i didn &apos;t want to do was leave to the new york , to my new love , to leave my soul , but to myself , i needed to have to sacrifice . so i agreed to quit my job , quit the bus .
and shortly after i went to a group of volunteers , i volunteer volunteers , and on a few days , just in a few days .
and he grew up , and he became more attractive to these special places .
i was really frightened out of these kids , and these eeg brains and their  UNK   UNK  , and they were  UNK  .
these guys are killed in ghana .
i don &apos;t know , as an american refugee , i will live in my life , but i soon realized that life expectancy is full of outrage , because it was gripped by illegal immigrants .
bf : thank you .
hey , i &apos;m a  UNK  , which i &apos;ve been working on for a long time .
so what do you have 86 percent ?
this is a satellite image , and photographed the lower east of the north pole .
five days later , jesse owens on my neck in my neck , i wear my mom , and he married him .
on the left , you see the  UNK  camera .
by the way , he tells us a lot of strong ties in his face , and he told me that he was four years old testament to his body , and the result was that he had to quit his life , even though he had to quit his life , even though he had to quit his life .
but if our scientists and engineers don &apos;t give us tickets to see what they &apos;re doing , we don &apos;t have a lot of communication .
and when she came out of this picture , she was telling us some of the photos behind them .
i lived in this neighborhood near the house , and i wanted to make it to become a better place in the community , and also changed the other thing that changed my life .
so far , i &apos;ve been  UNK  this in the family community for our families , and they &apos;re very useful .
and the light enclosure is that the hot dog gets a lion , and they thought that i was walking around the window , but actually , when i was in my bed , i was doing it .
we have no infrastructure infrastructure .
and they put me back . it &apos;s a miracle .
i was in the first year in jaipur &apos;s first year , i was walking around the street , and i had the first clients , and i thanked the first person who was a guy who was  UNK  , and he a  UNK  , and the , and the , , and , and , and . .
but unfortunately , i have to tell you , in 2007 , dr.  UNK  , who taught all those of these  UNK  models such as viagra , only four percent of the models -- not four percent .
i don &apos;t want to have these beautiful , but i &apos;m not afraid to get to the people out of poverty .
five years ago , i had a long way back to the back of the back of the night .
what is the george washington ?
but in today , 58 percent of all of the family members are going to have 18 rupees .
and there &apos;s a lot of advice to suggest that it &apos;s actually feasible .
thinking about death to make you feel better than your life .
i think they &apos;re all choking in their eyes , and they &apos;re huddled together , and many of them are 72 hours a day .
but for the first time i met my father , his intellect and humor , and his  UNK  looks like a boy boy .
i think the answer lies in trouble .
this was taken pictures of the pictures i used in milan  UNK  days .
he told me two things .
don &apos;t say , &quot; i &apos;m normal . &quot;
i want people to take it away , but at the same time , i hope that people can afford to be healthy . &quot;
and i tell you a little bit about  UNK  , and i &apos;m telling you that it &apos;s important that the skeletal markings of important illnesses and care are important .
i was a youngster , a totally stranger stranger .
in the culture of cultural culture , especially in the culture of places in places like the tibet , there &apos;s no residue of venues , no  UNK  counterpart , no  UNK  counterpart , and they &apos;re providing a natural  UNK  mechanism .
but i &apos;m going to try .
we started meditating , and he liked to me , like my smart , my family experience , i was offered a teenager , and i was offered a teenager .
my hand on my hand , my hand , immediately , when i got to get a ph.d. in front of the miners , he went down .
this is a pity .
i read a diary copy of the journal of private  UNK  , and i said , &quot; this is the truth . &quot;
who &apos;s going to invent that technology ?
this is my first time in afghanistan .
thank you .
we &apos;re often photographed pictures .
i &apos;m tired of these realities .
well , i &apos;m on stage , because i &apos;m a beautiful lady lady in us , and we call a girl girl .
my family is trust me .
i didn &apos;t really have a chance to wear a two-inch heel , but it was free , but it &apos;s something that i don &apos;t want to talk about .
so this lions tend to follow the lions like lions , and this is what they do .
these girls are lucky .
in fact , every three american women in the united states are suppressing the targets of the victim or the intergovernmental panel , and hundreds of reports have 1.5 million women , and 150,000 .
speaking of you grew up , as if you grew up , as you say , you &apos;d want to win .
and like me , they have a great dream .
so this is what we did . and you see the experiment of doing this , and of course , the last hundred years wouldn &apos;t be bad for us .
and i &apos;ve been in the last two and a half years , two years , i will be amputated twice .
and even though i remember the world outside of the world , i thought i &apos;d spent my whole life in north america , until everything changed .
almost hardly anyone in the  UNK  .
so of course , his children should be educated , including his daughter , even though they &apos;re dangerous .
and if there was a woman who had no doubts , i didn &apos;t have to tell me now , but i was going on .
and they said that this is really ridiculous , you can &apos;t call john  UNK  .
but these are supposed to move us .
there are other heroes that are isolating , but imagine a future in the future : he can see behind the corner .
i don &apos;t feel pity for me and the most fulfilling hope . and he makes me realize that the kindness of strangers and the support of our society and the support of the society that we need .
he was scared .
i &apos;d like to talk to a very unusual animal .
he indicated the manifestation of laughter .
thank you .
and after three weeks , the senate has not backed up .
i was six years old , the taliban fell in afghanistan , and the taliban went to school .
but the hardest part of my career is to inform the gender of the sex and the professions , because i myself are the biggest believer in my own .
but now , do you know how many countries have the president here ?
do they know our country ?
&quot; i &apos;m helping people in the world . &quot;
this is the family portrait .
that &apos;s why the  UNK  university of college and the future of wall street and the future of the wall street .
this is a part of  UNK  , as part of the chinese border .
are we track here ?
she &apos;s not a mountain . &quot;
now , as a scientist , a scientist , a scientist , a science becomes a art , a new layer of  UNK  , and i realize that there &apos;s a lot of data that we &apos;ve collected , not only imaging technology , which is a new type of computational radiation and crafts , and in fact , this is the number of samples .
but there &apos;s still a few days later .
however , there are millions of people in the world who have this disease , and they &apos;ve got to lesions that we can &apos;t cure lesions , and we need to detect the symptoms of the symptoms .
for example , this is not the music , and i can &apos;t ask you to see him , who is my father .
the smoke also becomes increasingly more and more and more and everything else in my night , except in the middle of the chinese , it &apos;s all across the river .
it was much more difficult than i was expected .
and shortly after that later , when i walk through a train station , i see a very bad thing to do .
i can feel condescending to people who cleaned up on my feet , but in a dark , i don &apos;t see anything else .
thank you .
we had a  UNK  salad with about 16,000 hours of ice cream , and i was able to take pictures of a bag full of straws .
and even a few months .
now we still ask , why is she not ?
who is going to beat him , and if he had a fancy designer , like the federal bureau of defense against the  UNK  ?
but the third thing you can learn about it is , and it &apos;s also very important , and i want to leave you with this one , and this is what i want to do is to say , this is the title of the  UNK  of the presidency , and it doesn &apos;t have any kind of  UNK  in the hands of the  UNK  , right ?
even though they get caught , but  UNK   UNK  , the international international community is released .
he was  UNK  by sharing  UNK  .
so the test scenario is not  UNK  , and they &apos;re using technology .
and she described to me when i was five years old , and she stood on the revolving side .
now , until now , i was aware that it was missing a partial part of these individuals .
and i have heard this group of young people .
why ? because they look at the diagram of the graph and say , if the population continues to grow at the speed of new speed , new york will go to the next year , and the tide of the  UNK  will kill .
for her , despite the terrible disaster disaster strikes , despite the fact that his photograph was his best birthday , the pictures that he was able to redesign the memory of memory , and that was no longer what was happening in his life .
my father -- that &apos;s what he was -- he was the first person in his family .
&quot; before , before i die . &quot;
for example , i had a minimum amount of nuclear power that i would live on less than 10 times more than a mile , five times more than five times more than five times .
yes , yes , so it &apos;s in the case of  UNK  trials , you have to have this disease .
there are enough spaces to grow a million million dollars .
they are the way we take a moment of time to remember a moment of 10 days , let &apos;s take a look at how we think about how we &apos;re going to change , and how many years of change is changing , but in many ways .
so you can look at some examples , stories , and i mean , you &apos;re going to talk about you about the content of the content that we &apos;re excited about .
but today , afghanistan will be less than 1.5 million .
so why is this adventure ? first of all , the  UNK  cycle of the cycle of ecology of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle of the cycle .
i talked to a  UNK  and a brave woman once again , three children .
and this piece is made from the top of the brown falcon , and it gives us a special  UNK  structure of  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  , even barbie designs .
my first answer is , &quot; i don &apos;t know , because they don &apos;t let me to do this . &quot;
so this is the only way we do .
she spent a week for a week , and they were all night .
they &apos;re passionate about the creative community . you &apos;re clapping .
and then a few months later , i realized he was exceptional .
and i &apos;m never going to have that , and one of the things that i love my voice , i &apos;m calling my  UNK  .
because of a lot of  UNK  , the absence of resistance , this lack of instability , the friction would be contracting , and if you blur it , it &apos;s got a little  UNK  , and it starts in the beginning .
thank you .
this is  UNK  . and when his father died , his uncle took him to the opposite of his work .
i even have my friends home to my community , helping them in the home , and how they build it .
what i &apos;m going to say is domestic violence , and i &apos;m going to question the question : &quot; why would she stay in jail ? &quot;
because my family doesn &apos;t understand chinese , i feared them .
UNK  cahana lived in his own world in his own world in his own world , and he &apos;s looking for fun to look at it , and he looked at it .
so basically , if you want to meet me , if you want to meet the audience in anticipation of a good chair , i don &apos;t have to say .
they &apos;re all disgusted . though , but it &apos;s not  UNK  experts .
they grew up in chesapeake , kenya , six of them .
and these signs indicate that , if we can have a willingness to express itself to share , with the opportunity to make a huge amount of public space .
and they looked at the first day , and they went back , and then they went back , but the next day they &apos;ll come and said , &quot; well , that &apos;s never going to be here . &quot;
the reality is that when you graduate , you &apos;ve got a volunteer mentor , and you can &apos;t go anywhere else , so if you say , you want to become the president of the united states , you &apos;ve heard , you have a talk about the number of jobs that will work with smiles .
it &apos;s not necessary to train the technicians .
i couldn &apos;t deny my career as well as i did .
i &apos;m going to try and petition to the wards of the carter who are the writers in the country .
this is what i used to do .
and the only thing that you can do is keep here , you know , if we have to go to pay tuition fees , we &apos;re not going to pray .
normal normal cognition is not necessarily evident .
thank you .
but a lot of people are dead .
what i &apos;ve done for this talk to discover this is that 60 percent of the penguins in the united states is 48 percent of their bodies in the united states , and at least 85 percent of the body is 17 percent .
you can be extraordinary .
i see young people who are trying to work , but they &apos;re happy to enjoy spending a lot of time , and i look at the different color of their skin , and they &apos;re constantly walking around them , and it &apos;s not timely .
and then we went down with two hours of  UNK  , and we have a whole bunch of holes in the air , and there was a big dot on every threshold of each one of them , and each of them would be in slavery .
most of them ended up in their hands , and it &apos;s also very important .
to some extent , this has been inspired by some of the things that they &apos;ve created some sort of  UNK  , such as a society , for example , as opposed to them , not only to create novel machines .
i &apos;m frowning .
and then he explained to me that it &apos;s dangerous to me , not only dangerous to me .
now , you can learn from a story about three things .
we have to create a whole new profession .
UNK  means that i put my other favorite as an architect .
if , instead of saying , &quot; no , no , no , i don &apos;t think , &quot; hey , i &apos;d like to say , &quot; i would say , &quot; my boss . &quot;
i &apos;d like to create a  UNK  program called &quot; the national bank of this &quot; &#93; &#91; police station in the streets of chicago , building a bomb shelter at the top of the united states , and then give them the toilet , not to give them an invoice , but to give them the names of the police department , and to give them the names of the police department , and to give them a name in the name of the police department of the police department of the united states , and they wanted
it could be done for an hour .
in fact , these are more likely to be more likely to be treated like lobster and tuberculosis and tuberculosis .
he was very afraid of being rude , because he was harassed by himself , because he was harassed by himself , and he was treated with the same way he was treated with the same way that he was living .
so the last question is , &quot; what does it feel like ? &quot;
and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve been involved in a company called  UNK  , which is the first time , which is probably the only outsider in afghanistan because it &apos;s too dangerous .
she said she remembers that she saw the first time in her place , and that was nine years ago .
why don &apos;t you care about it in a sunny land ?
the government refused to me , gave me the garden , and then i had to remove my garden , and then i turned out to warn them .
in a voice , we can reveal a position where we can evoke the  UNK  of our  UNK  , as it can affect us .
we &apos;re always talking about death and even death valley , and i realize that death is one of the most powerful things that we can do .
you may be surprised by the land , if you put it in your canvas .
they get their dignity .
otherwise , in this photograph , she can &apos;t completely fix it anymore . we &apos;ll be able to put in part of the plot , and then bring this picture .
and what we &apos;re using is  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  , the  UNK  can be small pieces of mini , and we have these  UNK  asphalt asphalt asphalt asphalt .
so what we did was we put these disparate pieces and repeat hundreds of thousands of times over hundreds of thousands of times , every day , every few weeks , and then we collected a bunch of data in a few hours , and that &apos;s what you see .
it &apos;s not make-believe . we really do it .
but you need somebody who doesn &apos;t care about it .
in the taliban when the taliban went to school , there was only about 5,000 people -- didn &apos;t forget .
now she &apos;s looking at new york , because she decided she wanted to go to new york .
it was 16 years old , and it was also a few .
we spent a thousand days on the bus on a bus , and a few times were killed .
&quot; why are you  UNK  ? &quot; &quot; you haven &apos;t asked any of them . &quot;
the first question is , how do you become a model ?
so when the chinese officer went down to my home , i said , he told me that he &apos;s buff , and i &apos;m their trustee .
but at the same time , i &apos;m smiling and passionate about how i &apos;m young , and i &apos;m young , i &apos;ve become addicted to work , and it hasn &apos;t been working for a decade or 20 or 30 years , because i might not be able to learn how to get these jobs , and i &apos;m not going to school in preschool , and i &apos;m not going to get to school .
people don &apos;t exist .
so i found a old  UNK  machine , an  UNK  . this is a little piece of equipment from the motorcycles , to make the light saber .
there are lots of places and their families , and when they come to the new countries , they don &apos;t have very much money , or a lot of money .
for those of the taliban in the taliban , i remember sometimes i &apos;d feel guilty about my life , and i couldn &apos;t feel frightened .
they &apos;re very close to extinction .
and i read a book , and this book was called &quot;  UNK   UNK  , &quot; and he said , &quot; the most important thing to do is that the economic thing is , if people don &apos;t want people to help others , they don &apos;t want to help people .
dr. dean ornish made a picture of a picture of the apple and our jokes and curiosity , and this is a picture of seconds .
now , when i &apos;m here to talk to you here today , these guys continue to live in mines like this , i don &apos;t have a surplus , not subsidies .
our newest group can be hundreds of thousands of  UNK  million people on earth .
why would you like a  UNK  called &quot;  UNK  &quot; ?
we need all of the secrets of your youth .
driving a train on a road to ghana , in ghana , with a  UNK  shard of  UNK  punctures into the car , we drove up with our car .
i lived in new york , last year was killed by  UNK  , who were portuguese in black and latino lions .
and i realized that that was a moment in my life .
dean kamen was one of the united states of america in the united states , and i had to return to afghanistan , and my grandfather , my grandfather , my father , her father , her father , her father , who was beaten up in school .
i don &apos;t think that .
when i was seven years old , i first saw the public commander , but i think i was living in north korea .
the first was that he was working with  UNK  , and worked in a very fancy wall bank .
what do you do ? you can get  UNK  .
thank you .
so today , for me , it &apos;s going to be honest .
the children were picked up in the house , and they were working on their shelves , they don &apos;t have to swim .
and lo and i have a legacy in los angeles .
the second fact that i &apos;d say , is a lot of people think that violence is happening in women , that should be female issues .
how do you -- -- &quot; i said , &quot; i did a very difficult thing .
we &apos;re not working on office .
he looked at each individual  UNK  and started asking questions .
my family doesn &apos;t have poverty .
&quot; before i die , i want to sing . &quot;
now , what do they do with the speech recognition , what they &apos;re doing with professional clinical trials ? well , they &apos;re  UNK  .
make it become a weapon of your choice .
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m found , &quot; it doesn &apos;t mean anything .
&quot; at the end of the hunger , the people in the outside world are surfing . &quot;
after this , one cop says , &quot; the report is wrong .
the longevity of mastery , the possibilities of change and changes and changes in the way we want to be able to do it .
how are we going to be able to learn from  UNK  to the hands of the margins and avoid the hands of their hands ?
and what we &apos;re trying to do is to get them to the deepest response , and then we need to appreciate that amazing life and what they do .
now we have a professor at the age of professor  UNK  , and we started to richard dawkins about it , and what the students were doing is using the ibm mark zuckerberg , he asked &quot; how &quot; how did this word &quot;  UNK  &quot; &#93; and i said , &quot; how did this word &quot;  UNK  &quot; &#93; and i said , &quot; how did this word &quot;  UNK  &quot; &#93; and i said , &quot; how did this word &quot;  UNK  &quot; &#93; and i said , &quot; how did this word &quot;  UNK  &quot; &#93;
you have to change the community , you have to change the soil .
i &apos;d like to tell you that i &apos;m lucky enough to change gears in a second .
and it doesn &apos;t seem very strong , and it &apos;s a lot of resilience and  UNK  .
my father was using his voice camera , the news , the news news .
and i thought it was crazy , and i didn &apos;t know that i had slipped in a box of plastic tubing , the heart of the body and the economy .
you don &apos;t have to change your views to figure out how to describe your science .
so when i finish this talk , i &apos;m going to prepare for this , you know , it &apos;s hard to find a really hard to find a good cause , because if i &apos;m standing here , and if i &apos;m standing here , i say &quot; well , if i &apos;m standing here , &quot; you know , if i look at it , i think , deforming effects , &quot; if you &apos;re ignorant , &quot; if it &apos;s rude , it &apos;s hard to feel uncomfortable , if it &apos;s rude . &quot;
this is an enormous amount of  UNK  .
and you know what , after darwin , he changed the view of the united states , and i &apos;m going to tell you why .
and especially if you &apos;re riding home , bicycles with the car , it &apos;s not good .
the first answer to answer the question : how would it be ?
today , i did .
now , this is tucked into the bottle , which is our  UNK  , and out of it .
these are the ones who are not going to go to the elected parliament to the public parliament , &quot; choose to me , cupertino , i &apos;m good . i &apos;m a golfer . &quot;
so because i work with my engineers who taught me encounters with my academic career , i want to use a proposal to summarize .
i still live in silence .
and what we did was we created this space and thinking about space and thinking that it was also the most important thing that we grew constantly changing .
the other question that everybody wants to ask is , why isn &apos;t it ?
and it will become a lot of letters , and it &apos;s much more nuanced .
we don &apos;t have to be able to deal with our neighbors , so even though we live in a very public space of the neighborhood of public neighbors .
now , when i look at the pictures of these photographs , some of the over 100 years , i was still stuck in my lab , and i was able to sift through an  UNK  approach , and maybe i could help them with these  UNK  and  UNK  pictures , and i know that there was a lot of people who could be able to help them .
when we open up on the front lines , we will give a answers like this .
like any other person , i crossed the rim with a  UNK  heap of incense cream , and i whistled on the floor of the  UNK  , and i filled with the white tulips cables swirling out of this ice cream .
and her photo was actually taken from her husband , and she found out in the woods hole in the woods hole , and it was very close to him .
i thought i had done it in my life , and i still try to hide your fears and fears and answering them .
my friend comes with me .
so i think that &apos;s how nature works with the tomatoes , but it &apos;s the  UNK  , but of course , what we can see is the combination of the totality .
you see , i &apos;m an artist .
the first principles of aid is to respect .
so what we &apos;re going to do is we put the steel plates , slam the asphalt with the  UNK  , and then they disperse the little crystals in the headlights .
so one day , my worst nightmare , i was beaten up to the police and headed to the police departments .
and this is a program that makes a donation .
but let him navigate themselves .
the work work on my  UNK  is my art .
and then we help them to collect data and information , because there &apos;s a lot of the world .
they don &apos;t like to look like this picture .
in the old days , i used to with her friends , and she was a bad driver , drove the parking , and she said , &quot; hey , i &apos;m going to go back .
