the next question is , &quot; can you free free ? &quot;
well , as a teenager , i grew up with a friend of mine , and she was a bad driver , and we were beaten up , and i was saying , &quot; i &apos;m just going to be careful . &quot;
the neurological tests are blind , and they &apos;re using existing infrastructure devices .
so anybody who has a heart attack with t.b. that can be in the process , and cheap enough every time , i &apos;m happy to say that we &apos;re just going to be only eight percent of our target .
chris : you don &apos;t believe how inspiring stories like this .
helping survivors to rediscover beauty , lovely ,  UNK  .
this is a picture that i took a couple of years ago , a couple of days ago , on a couple of days ago , a few days ago .
it &apos;s not simple .
let &apos;s understand a lot of ideas about our neighbors .
UNK  took a black line of  UNK  called  UNK   UNK  .
we &apos;ve got about 50 people participating in teams , and they &apos;re all volunteers .
&quot; before before he died , i guess .
and i saw the boys in the morning when i was in the morning , at the end of the week , they were working at the orphanage in the morning .
we &apos;re going to make a synthesis .
and that &apos;s why the senate against  UNK  .
thank you .
the dining room are actually going to be considered the marginalized and marginalized .
in spite of those things , i still believe that we live in our lives , because we are so beautiful , because because of it .
one day , a week ?
they don &apos;t want to call him the king of his king .
after i took my money to the  UNK  and the and , , after my family , after , , passed away , they ended up .
there &apos;s a photograph in her picture .
they &apos;re all  UNK  . they said , but based on the test of the subject .
we did polls in 100 million companies in the world -- research companies and  UNK  companies ,  UNK  companies , the company , the yahoo , the yahoo , all the  UNK  companies , the yahoo , all the  UNK  companies , the yahoo , all the  UNK  companies , the yahoo , all the  UNK  companies , the yahoo .
some people just call him the king .
you don &apos;t have to change your opinions .
that &apos;s five million dollars today .
and i hope that all of these images are going to be a strong force in your heart , and i hope that the power of this force will be empowered , because if there &apos;s no light to be standing on the shadows .
and that secret is that i used to be informed by men as a shorthand for my soul , and i put it up with my gun and putting my gun down on my head as a result .
i don &apos;t even know how to live in the future of my hometown future , but i realized that the life is riddled with  UNK  , because of the greenland norse in china .
but i was educated , that was a teacher .
sound waves ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
and the passion is on the basis of self-organization , and it &apos;s the most important .
there &apos;s only a gap between the waist i just walked through the staircase .
now , as a photographer , you know , if you want to be  UNK  , you &apos;re only slightly closer than the shortest distance , so you don &apos;t have any light .
and that &apos;s the first thing i &apos;ll tell you : the domestic violence may not have , your religion , your income , education and education .
and then later , the police had to say , &quot; the report was wrong . &quot;
it allows us to bed , and our knees and our home became supposed to be safe and peaceful .
we can  UNK  .
you can go to the government .
i don &apos;t think that anymore .
with a small band , a woman and a woman and a woman who had only seven days to reward them to eat more food and wine .
kenya is going to have the largest reservoir in africa :  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
but very quickly .
it &apos;s kind of annoying that feels like the  UNK  or the heavens .
because i can &apos;t decide that anything you can be in the american  UNK  journal , or r &amp; amp ; d director , or next conductor .
tell us how many of you are related to us .
if children grow the  UNK  , the kids eat their guns .
i was blown away .
and  UNK  became a  UNK  restaurant , and the  UNK   UNK  .
well , first of all , my favorite place , i &apos;ve all been able to find out all the time that i can find out of the president without having heard of the president .
and we began to take it , and he liked about me , for some smart , i was at harvard , and i was teaching my teenage sons , and my job .
thank you .
and it was also a great improvement in many years .
i &apos;m 22 years now .
the boy was eight years old .
it &apos;s more like a restaurant .
on the left , you see our  UNK  cameras .
i don &apos;t know .
in the mad mythology , one of the gods called  UNK   UNK  , he risked his concerns about needing 10 packets of heart disease .
i couldn &apos;t deny the time when i fell in love with my clients .
and so this is a picture , when it sends a lot of its owner , it puts a huge difference , and it &apos;s a very different kind of life .
jargon is that we understand a barrier .
that &apos;s her .
i didn &apos;t want to make these beautiful , but they were frustrated with people that i couldn &apos;t find people .
and some of you know that some of you may be optimistic about this , some kind of  UNK  circles , like  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  .
so you &apos;ve got this scholarship . richard wurman : yes .
everything was ready .
so what we &apos;re going to do is we make steel steel , we chop the asphalt with asphalt asphalt , asphalt blade of light , drop out of those small scars , and the  UNK  is  UNK  .
so , in los angeles , i had a legacy .
now ,  UNK  seals have been banned by indian institutes , and they &apos;ve got a positive attitude towards the ground .
and one night , i was walking around with a night and i was walking around , and that night , there was no laughing .
yes , yeah . so , in this package , you have to tell us whether you &apos;re going to have this disease , one : mmm .
that &apos;s our model .
i had the english college degree at harvard university , and there &apos;s a commercial mba in math education .
i conducted a trial in wisconsin in eastern japan .
the first question is : what the high-tech thing ?
we need to deal with the government .
you know , some people might not reject us , or not .
on the tsunami , the tsunami , at the end of the time , has been 110 miles an hour , two tons of miles .
politicians have a choice and use the word and control reality , but in fact , the reality is going to change the reality than others .
because , we &apos;ve got rid of the predators .
as a vending act , i discovered a chance that we can train our children through their communities , to live their lives .
and these signs are hints , and if we can have a sense of defining happiness and the opportunity to share the opportunity to share with the opportunity to connect with other people .
i guess they &apos;re expecting the answer to say , &quot; if you look at the end of your legs , your hair is something you &apos;re happy , and it &apos;s unbelievable . &quot;
thank you .
it &apos;s about asphalt -- it &apos;s a very nice material , it &apos;s a lot of material materials , but it &apos;s always not like this weather , like this weather .
come back to my question : why am i going to be here ?
&quot; before before he died , i think it &apos;s a life . &quot;
despite his email claw with me , i put it on my hand , and my dog , to kill us the dog keys , and i was ready to do it as a whole suit , and i had never thought of myself as a wife .
government ?
and it &apos;s one of the most endangered species among them .
UNK  .
you don &apos;t have to go to design a new way to test them .
and i do believe that when we think of them as a place , it &apos;s hard to tolerate injustice .
and when the tsunami happened , he was responsible for the tsunami of the defense of defense .
he doesn &apos;t mean religious differences , and he said , &quot; he never did . &quot;
did they know ours ?
we had  UNK  in the middle of the river , where we had no place in the middle of the studio , the major part of the sun .
he &apos;s struggling to share his love with his love .
so there &apos;s a plan for a plan .
we &apos;re trying to communicate with the local communities .
we are energized ,  UNK  , but we &apos;re very good at ourselves .
thank you very much .
this is the reason for me to become global  UNK  , which is an international global organization .
so , what do i do with my group at mit ?
and you will be a  UNK  . richard feynman , you are different .
but they &apos;re going to be illogical . you &apos;re not happy .
and these pictures are actually created by husbands and thousands of years later , where archeologists found out , and that &apos;s really far away from them , and they recognize him .
so , so lucky , i got so much more help in the life , and so i wanted to help those dreams of the dreams of the dream of the dreams of the dreams , the opportunity to dream a dream of dreams .
it was , &quot; what am i going to be a few times ? &quot;
but i didn &apos;t give up , i was .
this is a dairy farmer at night , and i found it in my wake up in the morning , and it was dead , because it was my only sin in my house .
and what excites me excited about this , i saw my students in my school , ambition .
thank you .
what i &apos;m talking about is domestic violence , and the question that i &apos;m going to answer is that every single question is , &quot; why ? &quot;
and all around us are able to help us live in a very good way .
but this memory has selectively selective .
but this time , i &apos;m going to try to find out the secrets of the light .
and so the city capitals -- they were sitting next to discuss a little bit by the name of the name of the name of the name of the name , and they turn it into the south of los angeles , as if it &apos;s going to be a real problem .
they don &apos;t know .
my name is one of the united states of america , and when i returned to afghanistan , 1993 , my youngest son , the daughter of the daughter had been trained .
because the last step in the domestic violence is to kill .
after six months in japan , the volunteers were volunteers , 100 volunteers joined in japan , and dozens of them were helping us all over a ton of photos .
the way to solve this is using compressed asphalt asphalt asphalt .
and over time , more and more and more of them are repaired , and we need to  UNK  the  UNK  , and , , , i and , , i and , , i and , , i , to the and the , to , , five and , the 80 , over 80 years old , to , over 12 years
it &apos;s a huge project for all of these  UNK  .
and he made us a little bit out of his waist to the curtain .
and i was 11 years old , and i remember one day wake up , and he hears a voice at home .
the road road is about it .
can &apos;t killing a small commercial patch of land ?
i don &apos;t know about you , but my personal identity , except for me 15 , i &apos;m not going to get a scar inside the family .
the  UNK  islands of the river can always be my heart for me to be , for the people who are ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  people , to bear with me , and i empathize with this whole city planner .
and back to the time , i didn &apos;t want cry to cry , but the great mate with the partners , and i was able to say , &quot; dude , don &apos;t cry here . &quot;
he was thrown overboard in london , but he was still brave enough to vote for the past parliament , and he ended up having a great support for the last three years .
so what i did , i do it in my house , food in my house .
since i got my camera camera , i &apos;ve been looking at photography , but i &apos;d like to share with you today , and i &apos;d like to share with you the most beautiful pictures that i did .
the truth is , because their mind isn &apos;t sociable by society , they are often misunderstood and falsehood .
this book was published in 2009 .
he didn &apos;t talk about it , but he could express himself in the way that he was very , very powerful , his talk .
because i was a young kid , i could go all day after day , and in my own room , i could even take my mom to my mom &apos;s  UNK   UNK  , and i almost killed me a lot of knowledge about electronics .
but after this book , &quot; after this book , &quot; and a lot of men and women tell me about their stories , and what they learn from now is diverging from the enjoyment of their lives -- their daily lives -- as children as husbands and wives .
i want to question it . you know why ?
and you can produce a lot of noise .
that &apos;s my burden . is yours ?
some of them are actually saying , &quot; this is her wrong , &quot; it was a mistake , &quot; as if she was a victim and intentions and  UNK  .
but let &apos;s try it again .
what do you want to ?
i &apos;m not against the wind , but we should call the government requirement , because the wind will be threatened by birds to pollinate the birds .
so this is what happened in my journey of modern  UNK  .
thank you .
we walked into a community where we wouldn &apos;t have any idea of each other , but with people around the table .
and that &apos;s not true .
he &apos;s looking at me , but lucky , he believed me .
and the organization organization starts to add 20 gardens .
and then in a few months later , i realized he was different .
thank you very much ,  UNK  and everyone .
thank you .
as a matter of other people , i had a bowl of petrified  UNK   UNK  in a neck brace and sandbags on the neck , and i had floating docks in the attic , and they were able to hide this  UNK   UNK   UNK  .
when i was seven years old , i saw the world in the first time , but i think i was living in the north korea .
for example , michigan , michigan ,  UNK  ford .
you need a kind of machine like this , and it &apos;s pressure-sensitive .
and this could be able to go to the clinic waiting for the clinic waiting for a patient , and if someone could ever replicate this test ?
so , i think , this is how a lump of  UNK  is a lump of water , one cubic foot , but of course , what we saw is the integration of the whole thing .
so i &apos;m going to work with five steel workers that are not pork to sell 60 cents to sell to 60 cents per year , and sell it for 15 bucks to sell oranges to the mall .
so there &apos;s a second way to do this .
and the next thing happens sometimes .
i just want to say one word for you , and i don &apos;t have to be sure that you don &apos;t need to be normal .
but coke didn &apos;t fund this experiment .
so i &apos;d like to get them out of lions , and they were standing next to me .
and what i want you to know is that these are not my own photos .
thank you .
and that &apos;s how they share their gardens and how they make their own mother and their own mother and their grandmother , and they &apos;ll be able to see a really cool thing , just for that moment .
there are all over the world almost almost every single corner in the world , even though it is illegal .
wrong ! they &apos;re all slaves .
it &apos;s time . thank you .
my grandfather was extraordinary .
at the end of the conversation , i feel really bad at the end of the conversation , and it &apos;s a lack of compassion for me , and i don &apos;t know how many people don &apos;t know , how many people don &apos;t know ?
and it made a lot of advice .
i &apos;m going to give you a quick answer , people often ask me questions about a very honest way .
but the third thing you can learn about it , and it &apos;s very important , and i want you to remember remembering that this is , in this case , the president of the united states has never heard of it , right ?
and so we started  UNK  .
what are you going to do ? you can act together . you can write our government and tell them that we need to look at the risk of these  UNK   UNK  .
when our boat comes down , he walked out of his waist , and his foot on his knees .
he said that when he was a little confused , he had to have the guns .
so , we don &apos;t just know about the distances from the door , but also known as the distance , but we don &apos;t know how to measure the distance .
he doesn &apos;t remember what i &apos;m wearing chocolate , but remember when i &apos;m going to look at the ted archives here , he &apos;s four months at the time when i was four years old ,  UNK   UNK  on the side of the night .
his cousin were  UNK   UNK  , like  UNK   UNK  .
in fact , there are experts who are invited to talk about the future of new york city .
there &apos;s no names names .
you wonder whether or will be effective .
we are a free organization , which is drawn from different industries that are different from cities , and all of the things that we do .
my father -- that &apos;s the nickname he was the first person he ever lived in the family .
and whenever you look at the next step , it &apos;s just one of the first things that you are in your mind , some kind of nasty ,  UNK  , spooky ,  UNK  .
for example , this is not a  UNK  , i couldn &apos;t show him his face , and he was a student .
so when the chinese police station went back to my house , i was urging to come back to the front of my house and told me that he was  UNK  , and i was their mantra .
at the age of 21 years old , i think our  UNK  are  UNK  , we &apos;re doing good for africa .
they had to move , and so i started planning to help them .
&quot; before before he died , i &apos;d like to pay for this . &quot;
i want to share a few of useful ways to tell you how to make us think of science , sexy ,  UNK  .
you can be extraordinary .
you can &apos;t do it in your control . it &apos;s not a model that you can do it . it &apos;s not a textile industry .
and what we found is that they &apos;re traveling in different countries , so if you just focus on a regional situation , it &apos;s hard to make progress .
if you ever thought i &apos;d be happy if my jaw was cleaner , my hair would be happier ?
this is not a  UNK  .
these people are totally invisible , and when we &apos;re confronted with this question , the important thing is to know that some of the trade insurance is in our yard .
and so i took a different dimension .
so , in fact , they think , the  UNK  of this technology will be new york .
i wanted to cover shipping lanes of healthy sheep .
so , you can make a material on the top of the ground , and some kind of small water that &apos;s going to drop water from the car , and the car will be interrupted , and it &apos;s very expensive .
i &apos;m going to give you a sense of  UNK  .
at the end of our daughter , his wife said , &quot; hey , why don &apos;t you take a ride back in new york ,  UNK  on the road ? &quot;
and dave strudwick , and he said , &quot; how about how many people you can tell who is healthy , who is the disease ?
i lived in los angeles .
last night in my first week , i discovered myself at a time in a  UNK  center .
and one more time when i was home in downtown los angeles downtown l.a.
now , you may be wondering , wow , this is amazing , or &quot; wow , she &apos;s , &quot; but in fact , i &apos;m talking about you .
i witnessed the garden of my garden , moved by the tools of my community .
and the answer is very simple .
these are  UNK  sizes , and so forth , they &apos;re trucked out of  UNK  shells , they &apos;re trucked out of  UNK  shells , and they &apos;re trucked leaking from one place to another gold rush .
so here &apos;s los angeles :  UNK  hotel , dining water .
in afghanistan , you can actually make a lot of wonderful things , but you can create a lot of great things , but i don &apos;t want to portray myself , and i don &apos;t want to learn how i &apos;m going to try to be able to make submissive gestures that reinforces the role of behavioral authority , and try to imagine how to live in our world .
i feel so proud .
we can also talk to the world between the people in the united states of north america , because we have a lot of people living in a home to live in the north korea . we &apos;ve got to look at information and money .
this is my motto , and i tell people people , to grow your food .
it &apos;s 16 years old , and it &apos;s also very windy .
there &apos;s a few people who don &apos;t know anything about it , but we can support it .
the second fact that i &apos;m going to talk about is that a lot of people think women are domestic violence , women should be female .
and this material is kind of a little bit of  UNK  , and if we want to go back to cities , like the netherlands , we want to  UNK  noise .
it &apos;s like a rock on a leash .
my family was not poor . and for me , i had no experience of starvation .
and i think that &apos;s why there &apos;s less steep reasons .
they could eradicate all of the bacteria that they could absorb them , and they could extract their viral spread and causes them to be huge amounts of livestock and animals and death .
what would you have a  UNK  leader ?
the russians in nairobi national park doesn &apos;t have all the way through the fence , which means that almost all of this kind of wildlife like this can be leveraged in the park .
your money can be arrested , you can &apos;t fight for war .
and it doesn &apos;t seem to be very , very much in the very , very  UNK  and the .
we had all of our victims needing to help each other .
a lot of women who have lost their own children in the larvae of the larvae .
you can ask your own ideas .
thank you .
sometimes , there are four women who have been found out of their own lungs , and after 10 minutes , they can put photos scans , and then upload them to the cloud , and then upload them to the other end of the earth , and they might be able to recover from the other end of the earth .
the light will fall into the room , and then go back to the door , and then the camera , so that we could use these light to light .
your ideas are simple to think about simplicity .
so this is just one .
it &apos;s on the front bed for the bed , and it falls up in a pocket .
but nobody was able to help them , because you couldn &apos;t raise their own family .
and afghanistan , i realized -- afghanistan , afghanistan -- and this is the western state -- not realizing that this is a father of our success -- and he &apos;s going to recognize his own personal success of his daughter .
UNK  , the lush goddess of  UNK  and  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  and  UNK  .
but the day of 1995 , my mom took a letter to a letter from a colleague of hers .
and as soon as he started , he reminds me that he was my hero .
so i &apos;d like to give you an example of a model that we can try to do it , because you know , in a sense , at least in a sense , at least in some sense , we &apos;re all like a friend of mine .
thank you .
&quot; we don &apos;t have freedom , &quot; they said .
so for example , all the time , for example , al jazeera has allowed the news reports to report on the  UNK  .
these are trapped in the rest of ghana .
so this leads me to a couple of weeks after weeks , and i went to los angeles , and i wanted to make a difference .
they &apos;re very far away .
i &apos;m here to have a great goal here .
and sure enough , though , even though i had surgery , two days ago , two days ago , i was working to work for two days ago , two days ago , where i was doing my job for my job , and we were basically trying to change the appearance of our appearance , though ,  UNK   UNK  and deepening our lives .
thank you .
and i &apos;m never going to have , again , always wears my father , and my uncle screamed at my head .
when i read a book , i wrote a book ,  UNK   UNK  , which is called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; the name of the book is &quot;  UNK  , &quot; and the most important thing is , if you don &apos;t want to get people to help someone else .
the honey bee was more than the honey of the honey , the honey , the larvae ,  UNK  clothes and put it on their own .
and then i thought about a lot of about things about death , and then there was so much about my life when i had my own brother and my own personal identity .
we said , &quot; we can travel and travel and creative , and work , working with people working together . &quot;
this is a close-up day .
kenya , kenya , there will be a huge amount of loss .
so , why do i do this ?
so , in our papers , we published it in &quot; natural &quot;  UNK  , &quot; it was stirred by nature , and then they created this animation .
you just go and look at the model of shanghai , because they have their toes , the most boring clothes , and they may be the best woman in the world .
so in fact , i &apos;m not a single .
i was gasping .
150 years ago , a  UNK  price of three percent of the u.s.
so this is what we did . you &apos;re looking at the work that &apos;s done , and of course it &apos;s not going to be bad about the last few years that we don &apos;t .
the number of power stations in los angeles .
we are going to walk around the direction of the day , and nobody &apos;s going to suspect where we &apos;re going to .
i couldn &apos;t have a lot of detail before i was in north korea , but i could say that it was the hardest difficult years of incarceration , i was sent to china and  UNK  .
and then there are times as a stand-up comedian -- it &apos;s like dogs , it &apos;s paralyzed , and it &apos;s been  UNK  ,  UNK  .
my behavior is probably going to give them less than the right now .
and because someone tells you a question , and that influenced his life to change the future .
it was created by a group of photographers ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  , their patron , and the musicians , and they did them .
and then you need to focus on their own service .
we are soil .
i &apos;d like to give up , but my father would say , &quot; listen , my daughter , you may not lose anything in your life .
this is the ozone , as i said , the rock in the middle of my lungs .
now you can learn from this story to three things .
they thought it was a thought that was used to be used for the past .
but these two words are different .
food is scarce . food is a solution .
so if somebody said to me , this guy , humor , loved ones , i would say , &quot; i &apos;m going to make sure that my son will work with me , and i &apos;ll live in a household , where i live , and where i live , and i &apos;m going to laugh at you , because i don &apos;t laugh at a certain amount of anger , or angry birds .
we saw the same symptoms .
shortly after that , i joined a volunteer organization to volunteer volunteers , and within a couple of days , within a few days , there was a hunger campaign .
and when i &apos;m standing here today , these days , these days , huddled together in this situation like this , intensive care , no taxation , no training .
this guy i used to be able to read my uncle , who had my head backstage and tell me how many times i did .
these guys helped me out .
but unfortunately , i had to tell you , in a  UNK  dr. seuss study inspired by all of these  UNK  models , and they were only 27 , and it wasn &apos;t about three and a half .
in addition , he also dream his ability to be free , and in the case of help , to help education education , which is that it &apos;s full of suffering and intrigue to me .
so i became bizarrely  UNK  .
some  UNK  came out of the table , so you start to see these gaps .
due to the number of electrons , we started laying bees , and the bees grew up , and they &apos;re floods in the  UNK  zone , which is incredible growth in india .
and what &apos;s interesting about sustainability is that you have to keep it .
this is where i live , kenya , in nairobi , in nairobi .
it &apos;s everywhere .
and then we help them learn about knowledge and information , because this is the world ,  UNK  .
but then i realized that there was no difference , and we &apos;ve seen a lot of our contributors .
i knew that a little bit of my private , but i was also young .
and the only thing you can see on is that , if we have to sell the pay pay fees fees , we &apos;ll end up .
he was afghan afghanistan in afghanistan , and he was struggling with him , and he kept clinging to his daughter , and my mother , went to school , and he kept on his home .
and i &apos;m sure i &apos;m sure you &apos;ll be able to see more and more often more of the more advanced than the stage in the world , including ted stage .
and that &apos;s why the state of the university of arkansas , the office and a bright future , really good for him .
for us , it became rich .
it &apos;s not  UNK  . what we really did .
but there are also some internal clocks .
we &apos;re on the office .
from the beginning , he starts to work on the ground .
when you look at the scenes of the scenes , they &apos;re leaving us .
and then the other thing that i did last year , and then i was going to get a lot of people coming out of my people to say , and i wanted to put them in the community and so on my neighborhood , so i made a small prosthetic kit , which is already a global network that includes all over the globe .
they &apos;re kind of elegant . charles darwin once said to change his own vision , and he sees his vision in the air and the  UNK  .
so to address this problem , we think about self-assembly materials .
but if each other , what are you doing ?
i heard some voices of people around the world , but much more  UNK  , a little bit of  UNK  noise .
today , i did .
so scientists and engineers , as you &apos;ve solved this equation , it &apos;s a great compliment to me .
the gun says to me as a warning signal , even though he doesn &apos;t respond to me , i &apos;m already  UNK  on the brink of danger .
you cannot prevent waterborne transmission .
and one of the first things that we did was to write my books for the first book called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; in this project , we don &apos;t teach ourselves to the farmer .
and when he came back to our childhood  UNK  , we sang it , and he warned me the words of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit , and the amazing things that we don &apos;t know about .
&quot; i was raised in north korea . &quot;
the first way i thought about was using fire , because i know the lions are scared of fire .
that &apos;s a small fishing village in japan , about 200,000 people , and it &apos;s only about a place where it was .
it turns out whether the domestic violence and  UNK  , the probability of loss , to give it safe .
we have this project in 300 parts of the world .
i was broke twice .
here &apos;s one of these things i &apos;m going to do . here &apos;s what i &apos;m trying to do .
at 22 years old , i had just graduated from harvard college .
it doesn &apos;t require a lot of money to hire people .
we talked to  UNK  , &quot; yo , ladies and gentlemen ! &quot;
within a year , i did 27 jobs , and the government came and asked me , &quot; what do you do ?
we cleaned millions of tons of fish ,  UNK  fish , and fish are  UNK  and processed fish .
but when they don &apos;t look at kids in their faces , if they don &apos;t have the experience of how their food and how they affect the food they are , they don &apos;t want to eat any of their food .
i was 22 years old , and in america , 16 percent of women were more likely to be more than 80 percent of the women , were compensated twice as much women in the united states .
at the end of the road , he invites us to get out of the driver .
there &apos;s no one who has ever done it for production and production and financial acumen .
&quot; you can go to real school . &quot; he said .
it takes a tremendous amount of concentric conversion in  UNK  .
it wasn &apos;t going to come back home , and i said , hey , although it was wonderful , but we were going to go into the second part of the interview , and i &apos;m going to get you to your own hometown , and i &apos;m going to let you leave you with your neighbor , and i &apos;ll give you a sense of your friends and family planning , and they &apos;re going to see the manifestation of your friends .
and for 20 minutes , i had to run back the equipment on my car , and i put it on the air on the underside of the air puffs and i couldn &apos;t sit on a car to sit on a car , and it would be nicer .
and i understood that one of the most important things that we have created is our memory .
and if you look at me , i just  UNK  the garden , and so we can whack it up .
and i often think about why they are  UNK  , and we don &apos;t .
so why is it more important ? first of all , to create a vital role in ecology , and they &apos;re  UNK  .
moreover , i realized that there were big differences between korea and north korea .
this is  UNK  . when his father died during his father , his uncle was able to sell himself to himself .
the president of the things gravitated me home , and as a punishment , i was punished by my family , being enslaved , moved into a remote village .
and as a result , it was very helpful , and i was able to listen to people saying , until i was able to tidy up until i was able to do what i called &quot; innovation . &quot;
we did that , and then we did this , and adding a lot of dry , we use heat and cooling them and cooling them .
and occasionally , occasionally , there are a few colonies of michigan , and there is a government for government , but it really is a place .
it &apos;s almost like graffiti artists , they swirl up walls , and i &apos;m  UNK  ,  UNK  .
in addition to this  UNK  , he suffers from t.b. tuberculosis , and he has to do every day .
UNK  and  UNK  , they were busy working over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again over the same year of 16 days 16 .
and at least in the new york , black young black men ski , and they were only 17 , and they said , &quot; i &apos;m going parking parking ? &quot;
when i was photographing a film , i took a lot of my candles candle in the translator , and i recorded candles on my own behalf , and i hope to be able to listen to them , and when i was safe , i took this series of photos .
so , we were always taking pictures of things .
and so since then , i &apos;ve been doing it in a family community , and it &apos;s really useful for our family communities .
the real reason i &apos;m going to model model is what i &apos;ve got to do with this genetic gene , and i &apos;m a legacy member who you might be wondering what &apos;s going to be here .
i was living in new orleans , and i fell in love with the city .
i moved to new york in new york , and i started working the first job descriptions called  UNK  de  UNK  .
we don &apos;t have any infrastructure .
that was one of my first life in my life .
but at the end of the conversation , my experiences , as you know , you know , there &apos;s a rabbit hole in front of that hole and see that doors to the whole world .
and they said this really ridiculous , you couldn &apos;t call him the meeting .
i &apos;d like to know how to introduce the conflicts of afghanistan in afghanistan .
sometimes , school would have a bad week , because they were threatened by the taliban .
what &apos;s the problem ?
they would  UNK  the flesh on the larvae of the larvae .
and yet , what do we do ?
now , there are many things going on here , so let me show you one .
they were sent to the photos into the actual government , and when i was lucky enough to get them trust , and let me start with them .
and it &apos;s just the same reaction to each other .
maps are powerful , but at the same time .
i mean , of course , how do they do that ?
and the beauty in this picture has to be used by using a  UNK  , or a little bit of grass , just stirred the colors , and it &apos;s going to be  UNK  out of the water .
you know , it &apos;s hard to find something more humble than this , and it &apos;s charles darwin .
now , we now rebuild the new zealand , and we don &apos;t know how to put their own money and care .
and for me , i had to wait for the return to my chest .
they are victims of violence .
so , for example , i &apos;ve got 22 percent of the capitals in the neighborhood that we &apos;re going to be less than five times cheaper , perhaps eight times .
and now , until now , i realized that it was going to be a big chunk of these people .
and as my sister would say , it &apos;s like being a tattoo .
how about one of the rings ?
driving is driving a road in ghana , ghanaian with a  UNK  freeway with a  UNK   UNK  , and suddenly propelled off our cars .
noise noise disappears .
i don &apos;t know what it means to be .
UNK   UNK  food is not  UNK  .
i think the answer lies in this problem .
five years ago , i had a kind of a ringing of a gang &apos;s twilight .
why ? because that tomato sauce , and it &apos;s wrapped up in a  UNK  , and a half seconds later .
are we going to be tracked ?
and finally , this will lead to a lot of damage .
as you say , you grow up , as a model , as you say , you &apos;re going to win the lottery .
i don &apos;t look like a domestic violence victims of terrorism .
and i subsequently therefore i &apos;m going to make a beautiful house on the walls of this apartment , and it &apos;s a big fan on the other side , and before i die , i think , well , every single one of them sends me a piece of chalk in their own life , to share their desires to share their desires . &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; / em &amp; gt ;
add to me , i &apos;ve got tired of the time for 45 minutes and buy them to the  UNK  .
again , we &apos;re sitting next to a bus shelter , a chinese army officer .
recently , the new york times is about 10 million children in the united states , 100,000 dollars a year to be sold as a  UNK  .
it was about two years ago , and they were all over the city of new york city , and they came up according to newcastle conclusion : 100 years later , new york was going to die .
i &apos;ve got a video about  UNK  .
in fact , these are oddly enough , and yet , as long as long as there &apos;s a wearable wireless microphone , and it &apos;s very advanced machines that &apos;s been working on a very advanced machine , and now we can accurately be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to eavesdrop on other places where we have a function of health and disease on this line .
i lived in new york city , and they were 80 percent of immigrants in nigeria , and they were black young people .
a dead woman is lying on the floor , and he &apos;s clinging to a child who &apos;s dependent on her face .
so how are these  UNK  recommendations , how do they work with professional testing , and they &apos;re  UNK  technology .
he looked at the  UNK  of each person , and he started asking questions .
we &apos;ve got to have upgraded 50 companies .
and what we &apos;re going to care about is how we &apos;re going through a sustainable development of hundreds of thousands of health care , health , education , education and communication .
light bulb comes from a  UNK  .
see , i &apos;m an artist .
and in our family , we had seven generations of children , and their families had passed on their father , and what happened to me .
that &apos;s  UNK  , listen to them . &quot;
well , amazingly , this is about 80 billion dollars a global year .
many of many of them are separated from their families , and when they come to new countries , they usually don &apos;t have a lot of money .
and the whole pile of trees are floating around , and they &apos;re jammed , they &apos;re punished up to the nets .
thank you .
i was followed by 50 members of the stadium peninsula , and when i was 19 , i was 19 , and robert wright brothers and  UNK  .
i talked to other volunteers and so forth , and i couldn &apos;t wait at home , so i decided to add them to perform three parabolas .
and if we &apos;re going to give you a benefit of this , i hope that all of us will be able to uncover the mysteries of the vastness of the universe that we understand , and our understanding of failure .
and we take all of the data into the data and we &apos;re interesting .
can you sell it out ? do you make money ? &quot;
don &apos;t ask me &quot; normal . &quot;
i painted the garden and land as the canvas , and the trees and the trees were me on the canvas .
and of course , there &apos;s damage , which is a bad breath , it can be  UNK  .
over 70 percent of women lost their female genital mutilation , when she left behind , because the female was paralyzed .
i &apos;m here today because i &apos;m a model .
and when college graduates taught me to teach this teaching teacher to teach students to teach students about teaching students .
many of them are covered with a promise that makes a good job opportunity to make a good job opportunity , and working tirelessly to violence , and not escape .
he &apos;s got a flock of birds dripping with lions . she asked me if i could take her light at home .
a lot of people fled .
some of you may not seem too familiar to know that &quot; because it &apos;s a natural outgrowth of a functional brain disorder , and it &apos;s a specialized disorder , and it &apos;s going to be  UNK  .
barack obama said , &quot; president of obama , &quot; or now , is still marching to the dead ends .
there are birds birds on the planet .
they killed our livestock .
so -- so the government said , &quot; that &apos;s what they do . &quot;
thank you .
now , we &apos;re putting them into a living room , but in the future , we can take this technology to the car , so that they can halt , because they can look at the window of the window , or we can look at the window in the window , or we can figure out how to see the heart .
i was scared , and i was feeling horrified by my heart fears .
in striving in this period period , it &apos;s more important to life than ever before .
the question that the next question is , &quot; are they swayed by photos ? &quot;
the fact is , at home , at home , he told me that he quit his job , and he said , &quot; because he &apos;s the fact that i &apos;m going to give you a sense of happiness , and he doesn &apos;t want to get out of the mall , and now he &apos;s trying to leave the city to the new england and the ottawa valley in my new england .
now , as we teach at princeton , at the age of 16 , we started to richard lewis , and they looked at how many of our students were using  UNK  , and i said , &quot; how much it is , &quot; how &quot; and the word &quot; and use it . &quot;
the normal difference is not the difference between the difference between the difference , and the differences between people who don &apos;t seem to be one of them is wrong .
and when they struggle when the tsunami were attacked , when you get a tsunami , it &apos;s hip hop to  UNK  , and it &apos;s thrown away , and everything else is thrown away .
&quot; why is she left ? &quot;
and i really loved him to ask him , &quot; why are you going to help me ? &quot;
so we &apos;re going to be able to make a model that lightweight , swinging the perfect water column , which is impossible to become more likely to be possible , but we &apos;re always been fascinated by the media , but we &apos;re actually superheroes artists and photos .
i refused to become a part of this as a part of me , and i &apos;m going to create my own reality .
think about it , how long it works .
she &apos;s starting to be thrown overboard , until she realizes she had a lot more damage .
it &apos;s not too big , but there &apos;s a little bit of this little girl in a picture of a hole that &apos;s gone , and we &apos;ve got to do this , because .
the inertia activity is one of the most dangerous activity and challenging , especially activity , particularly in the center of the inner city .
and if any of it fails , i would go to jail and volunteered to go back .
i don &apos;t know what that means , but my father is really happy .
in the himalayas , i met with a lot of my kids from  UNK  to the bottom of the boat to the top of the road .
and despite all of the world in the world , i thought i would spend my entire life in north korea until all of the things all changed me .
they are intimately intertwined with islam .
i was always surprised by the camera .
i hope to encourage you today , for all of you here , go to the photos , don &apos;t rush a couple of years ago , &quot; would you help us ? &quot;
so this is a picture of a couple of months ago , just taken me with my grandmother .
this is willful portrait .
and the other question you want to ask is , why not ?
the woman who gave us these pictures were very lucky , and these photos .
what i &apos;m telling me is that to get kids out of the street , to get them home from their own food , and and for farmers to farmers .
so in my age of age , the age of high school wasn &apos;t going to be six percent , if i stayed in my family , i would love as many people .
so with the camera , we can capture a photograph of a primitive photograph , as you can see on this screen , but then we &apos;ll take a picture of many , many , and then analyze the light , and we analyzed the hidden object ?
in a group of people , we have 200 customers .
i spent hundreds and the police department , and i raised hundreds of years , and hard enough to keep them alive , but i didn &apos;t have enough money to support the bribe .
if you &apos;re not a  UNK  , you &apos;re not a
we have to give them a commitment to them , and respect their privacy , and we need to be good at them , so this will be  UNK  .
they burn it in  UNK  , and then they put it in a dump , and then they strap it into the stomach , and it was toxic .
we are travelers .
so they decided to shoot these lions .
what are the bullet do ? they &apos;ll kill you .
i went to university .
this is the time that we spend our time , the time that we are most excited about .
we &apos;re lying on the floor right now , our bodies are too weak and ready to die . &quot;
&quot; before before he died , i think she &apos;s again . &quot;
so we can train education to help education , english , etc .
and i was doing this survey as a presentation , and in the united states , she didn &apos;t like their bodies to be at the age of 17 years , and it was about 78 percent .
entrepreneurs don &apos;t want to talk to the public in front of you , they tell you , they &apos;re going to spend their money from wherever they are .
so what we do is we take these photons and recursively , and again , thousands of times , and every time it takes a few synchronized cameras , and then we give them a few graphs , and this is a picture that you saw before .
in fact , i &apos;m a classic domestic violence victims , and the classic domestic violence .
now , the whole thing .
i &apos;d like to talk to a poet  UNK  life , and he was wearing a  UNK   UNK  singer as a  UNK  singer as a  UNK  singer , as well as the director of the singer , as well as the  UNK  of the singer , as well as the defender of religion and accountability .
don &apos;t get me wrong .
he &apos;s just stressed out , but the great deal of my life , and the family of my family moved to him .
because because we have a camera camera , so this camera , our camera camera , has a unique ability .
unfortunately , more than 100 million people were killed in famine famine , and a lot of survivors survivors were indoors and grass .
and i was working at a corporate ngo , and we had every project in africa .
when he grew up , he became more robust , and it was significantly more apparent .
now , remember , this whole thing is actually happening -- in an hour of the entire facade -- that &apos;s a  UNK  time -- but now i &apos;m going to take this video slowed down to the light bulb .
and actually , in fact , one of the brave man , the great name of alexis ,  UNK   UNK  .
now , if you take a look at the bottom of the average  UNK  , and you take a video to video , and you know how long you need to wait for you ?
there are so many endangered species that they don &apos;t have .
and this title is called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
but in order to do the real rational thing about politics and politics and politics , i want to take you back to the united states , and it just happened when you just squish it .
and the first was that he was graduated from the british schools , and worked in a very good wall street .
you can be president of the president of the united states or the next generation or the hero of the internet , or the the , a -- because you &apos;re the first .
you know what ? you can choose your profession .
and i see young people who want to work , but they &apos;re very happy to spend on time , and i see a different kids who looks alike , and they &apos;re always going to be on their way back to them .
and the stranger would love to me that would love me and the most hopeful hope that i needed , understanding , strangers and international communities , and the support of the civil society that we would need to be able to harbor .
and after two hours of the night , two  UNK  on the axis of our site , there was a big bang on a daily basis for everyone in the middle of a depression .
and on top of it , &quot; when you read that letter , all of you were going to leave this morning because we had two weeks of food .
she took the full week for the family , and they were alarmed .
she &apos;s not a  UNK  . &quot;
i lived in this area house , and i was trying to figure out how to make a better place in the community , and the other thing that i had to do with my life .
it &apos;s on the side of our  UNK  .
i took a pile , and i took it back and see what happened .
he told me two things .
and i &apos;ll tell you about three paragraphs , and i tell you about the fact that you can tell you that it &apos;s not important to know how to bone abnormalities and recognition .
automotive work is my graffiti , i create my own art .
it just means that there are different species .
and that &apos;s my way to help other victims of the other victims .
thank you .
&quot; well , we hope , &quot; oh my god , you can get away from this room , where you can get paid . &quot;
and i can only give them the freespeech on the internet , able to do it responsibly , and they trust me to believe that they can do it .
we need every single secret to understand the domestic secrets of violence .
so it &apos;s a little diver up to a wall with a wall of sugar palms , surrounded by  UNK  and  UNK  .
and finally , after traveling through the long distance , my family finally turned to korea , but it was only half the war .
they help us track , and our memories and our past , it was the time to overlook ourselves , but sometimes we had the first time to look back .
my last night , &quot; i used 32 32 .
now , if i imagine a laser cutter , and every time you click on the freeway , a  UNK  -- i would build some photons , and these photons , like a bullet , speed up faster than the speed of the speed .
he was attacked by a man .
and of course , there are no interest in this country , so we pay scholarships to pay for them , and they &apos;re a second for a second .
conversely , as einstein said , let &apos;s say , simple , not simplistic .
what &apos;s called  UNK  ? watch the rock on the road .
i &apos;m not going to give you money for your money .
i &apos;ll never forget that morning .
so this is all of this project , in order to recover a little bit of light in the past .
well , sadly , contagious neurological disorder , for example , the duration of the nervous system that takes place in my friend , and  UNK  , who is his  UNK  master of his era .
tomato is a beautiful tomato . in italy , a tomato that was so large , and it was so big .
everything i did , i was working on life on my life -- it was a young child on the youngest of living in africa .
in this picture , i &apos;m actually not having a real life in real life .
in south asia , some countries like incarceration and pakistan , four million years ago , which means that they &apos;re lost in 10 to 15 years to extinction , and because of the reason that they &apos;re domesticated , and they &apos;re domesticated .
nobody else was a corporate enterprise .
this is why i want to stop it .
and for her , even though the causes of disasters and all of his fears , the best gift of his son , the pictures that he could turn back to the memory of his life , and then he wasn &apos;t going to hit his sentence from his own day , and it was almost destroyed by the gods of his life .
so what happens ? 40 years later , in 1900 , the united states has had a number of cars and  UNK  -- 10,000 ,  UNK  .
now , if they listen , they say , &quot; no , no , no , i think , model , i would say , &quot; my boss . &quot;
and if you look at this on the road , you can click on these  UNK  -- that &apos;s what we saw .
but how many of them are dancing ?
i want to let them know them , and we &apos;ll give them back to them .
some of them came out of china to china , to combat the challenger , but a lot of people were being seduced by the policeman , and sent to the north korea .
no , it &apos;s a  UNK  sign of a landfill .
i found out that americans can see how we are changing .
and it took me a hundred yards away from a  UNK  park , and it took me a 24-hour station that was taken over the last ship , and i put it on the chest floor to keep the light on the thermostat .
basically , if you want to look at me , if you want to survive , if you want to look at the end of the road , i &apos;m going to tell you some of them sitting there .
we train schools and houses that are being cleaned up in order to raise , and redesign .
&quot; before before he died , i wanted to be a compliment . &quot;
and when she came out with us , she told us the story behind us .
but then i also thought about them , how they taught me about their personality , communication and love , and i realized that they don &apos;t want to use it .
hector ruiz , a man who had  UNK  ideals , but we were able to discover some of the workers on the edge of the the .
and even though this is just a definition of the  UNK  newspaper editor , he says : &quot;  UNK   UNK  is a guy like this , and he &apos;s going to give you an authority , don &apos;t pay tribute to any kind of any kind , or any event , no matter how to wield it . &quot;
it was incredible . we were talking to the people , and he said , &quot; look , no more . &quot;
there are more than one percent of all over the world today .
so a few years ago , i had a thought , and why not at least one of our ideas , instead of abandoning our ideas ?
i remember standing on a dark side of my time when i was a feeling of pain , and what i was thinking about how terrible it was in a hell of a hell .
and as i did , they had a big dream .
and then from this time , we started looking at our  UNK  site .
and you might actually be surprised if you &apos;re going to be able to do it as if you put it on the canvas .
it &apos;s more than it .
so i had another idea .
i saw the center of the center like starbucks .
he doesn &apos;t even mingle , and it doesn &apos;t seem to be a color .
we can run clinical trials and lots of dry cleaners , and it can be very low , and we can scale the scale of the scale of the time .
it means patients with themselves .
so the end of the senate won .
it looks like this .
but if our scientists and engineers don &apos;t put us back on them and look at them , and we might not have a good relationship with them .
so they give him one of them that most of the most evocative , most evocative of the most prolific , tenacious  UNK  .
well , there are over 4,000 4,000 children in the olympic stadium , which is the largest hydroelectric  UNK  in the world .
we do it with our hands .
now , 27 years later , i made a decision based on behalf of the needs of people , and i founded a set of system called  UNK  . we didn &apos;t do it , but for people to create entrepreneurial talent for local people .
and they kept meticulous photos , photos , camera and  UNK  .
almost nobody is  UNK  .
and as a result , they agreed to kiss the word &quot;  UNK  , &quot; but they also agreed to make sure that they should not agree with this notion of patriotism and democrats and democrats , and if they were  UNK  , whether it &apos;s a great affinity for  UNK  , the  UNK  of the  UNK  , which is the best title of intelligentsia , and the people who are not going to be punished by the  UNK  of the  UNK  .
we &apos;re always talking about death and death tolls , remembering consciousness , but i realized , is to one of the most powerful things that we could do .
saima knows what love is .
and i got this because i got identity , and i wasn &apos;t identity . some people were willing to pay them .
we are  UNK  ,  UNK  .
you know , it probably works .
and my dreams were big , but they were expecting better .
but i was hard to stay in my daily life .
why did they feel bad ?
so , by the end of the senate , it won &apos;t happen for the kicker , because nobody ever felt embarrassed by the age of the federal government .
there are enough space to grow millions of acres .
the political council molecules were not addressed to the public elections . i said , &quot; choose , &quot; i choose , &quot; i said , &quot; i said , &quot; i said , &quot; i said , &quot; i &apos;m . &quot;
but today , the entire family of the family has been killed for 18 dollars .
but the amazing thing is , you know , parkinson &apos;s and other ailments , and you can &apos;t do it very simple , so you can &apos;t do your very sterile blood vessel test , and the best thing that we can do is , like the 20  UNK  test .
but a lot of them were trying to die .
and i didn &apos;t know , the second is elitist victims .
i &apos;d like to talk to a very unusual animal .
UNK   UNK  was a philosophy professor at a time professor , said , &quot; planning planning is actually a holistic society and social entrepreneurship . &quot;
as you can see , the light bulb is  UNK  , because lions are coming from there .
the plan is education for entrepreneurship .
i even sent my friends back to my community , helping them to install them on their own home .
UNK  : i knew that the cloud was already there , but i only wanted to do my own one .
now , the story of what i call &quot; love &quot; is a story of a love affair , and it would be millions of women , and some of them eat it .
we have to create a new job .
so these are these kinds of things that i think can help us open up the key doors , and the scientific method of science and engineering .
so what i &apos;d like to say is , that is a transition .
sometimes i see my body size .
they don &apos;t even have a very strict correlation , and their ideas is that you can &apos;t elect elections .
and when this lion looks like when the lion comes out .
for my first day , i had the first credit card , and i had a very secret secret .
a lot of us think this is a very heavy cue .
and you can see , here is a air , and it &apos;s in it .
the internal combustion is a day of gold .
this stuff happens in our us , we just don &apos;t know .
i was in a  UNK  state in ghana .
i &apos;m still going to break into silence .
and this is really important lesson , and i think what you can learn is , i want to leave you with your point .
because my family couldn &apos;t speak chinese , and i feared , they were killed .
this can &apos;t be born before .
my group has spoken about this .
and there i met a lot of people , i met a lot of people , and i met a  UNK  of an organization , an organization , a not-for-profit organization , which was dedicated to the right-wing organization of the modern society .
well , dance is one of the activity of human beings .
but if you look at this tomato bay , you &apos;ll notice ,  UNK  is walking through the tomato , and it &apos;s not dark .
i took this device in two years ago , and i went down there , and we didn &apos;t have the pink  UNK  .
and for the first time , i was going to go to find the beach for the secret to me , and i quit my neck , holding my hands on the back of my head .
the first three of the main growth in the americas , the  UNK  of the , the , the , the the , , in , in the provinces of the mainland , there , 16 different from the mainland ,
so los angeles reported , and helen  UNK  wrote a story about its story and a coalition group , a group of private income , and then they donated the petition to  UNK  petition , and we collected it !
and yet , there are millions of people who have this disease , and they have to be able to tolerate toxins ,  UNK  , etc .
and i decided to leave , because the last time of last time had been able to preserve limits .
i want people to take it away , but at the same time , i hope that people will be able to grow healthy . &quot;
one of them had been studied by the tsunami .
so i &apos;m standing here today with some of the dead volcano , and the gods of my life as a council of  UNK  and a political leader , and in the past nine years , she has been working in afghanistan , working with afghanistan .
thank you very much indeed . i mean , thank you very much .
now , the way that i did was assigned to the rest of all of the  UNK  fatty acids , like the hyena , and then they were used for transitional elephants to humanity .
because of course , it &apos;s pressure-sensitive enough , i &apos;m here with the  UNK  .
we were sitting on the subway in new york , and he started with me .
i mean , some of them want to call him  UNK  , d.c. , and he &apos;s ivy league george irwin for george washington , and he &apos;s named jacqueline novogratz .
this is my first photograph of my first photograph , and my first night , i &apos;ve never slept in the first time .
why do i don &apos;t smoke ? i have a lot of opportunities .
and they took me off the staircase , the staircase on the main side of the main side .
each one of these cases is very specific , and this is different .
hi , i &apos;m two  UNK  , and for the last few years , i &apos;m a model .
their fears make me feel bad , and i tell them that you don &apos;t have to eat .
so after five years later , i took my sister to a secret school sister , who was not allowed to be kicked anymore .
and if you look at the science principles science , it &apos;s going to be careful .
we &apos;re looking at this . it &apos;s a bit too hot .
now , if you put this bullet , and if these photons are going to fill the bottles ?
and that &apos;s why i &apos;m involved in  UNK  , which is the first one , is probably the only son of afghanistan in afghanistan , because in afghanistan , it &apos;s very dangerous to afghanistan .
and our  UNK  aorta is perfectly fine .
in the case of my two and a half years , i would be blamed twice .
i hope it &apos;s not surprising .
and at that point , i heard a man who said , &quot; how ? &quot;
so , this principle is that we can put some holes on the door .
in los angeles , the dead disease .
i was in  UNK   UNK  , who was a prison assignment , and it was cold .
so the lion looks like this lion disorder , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing .
we just moved to the north coast in the middle east -- i think ,  UNK  ought to be safe   he purchased the gun gun .
and when you come out of this room , you &apos;re just to be  UNK  , and it &apos;s going to tell your home to tell you about your neighbors .
even even though my family , my family had been illegal to farmers , arrested .
english is so important in korea , so i had to start the third dimension of english and english language .
i thought i had spent a lot of my fears and fear and humiliation and answering their questions .
&quot; when i duplicated the photos , i was reminded of every one of these people in the photos .
and what i didn &apos;t know , was as a result as a victim of domestic violence .
and this question has been arguing about congress .
you can guess what happened .
i don &apos;t think free for free , free is free .
and even if you &apos;re not aware of the smartest people in the community , because they &apos;re not paying for you .
first , you have to give them a promise .
this is one of the health of health in our health care , and we want ourselves to think ourselves as a  UNK  primate , because when we look at these things , we have to deal with these  UNK  , such as  UNK  .
her name is  UNK  , to me , as she did , as her mother had died , no one .
et voila .
there is less precedent for existing technologies .
so that &apos;s why , after 10 years later , i decided to be risky for korea , and so i started this new life .
but we &apos;re also going to get a lot of data points from data from data , and the focus is the different environment , because that allows us to eliminate responses to the disease .
find a new technology that was undertaken , and small factories are scarce .
i &apos;m here because this is because i &apos;m a beautiful female female female , and we are called &quot;  UNK  girl . &quot;
it &apos;s almost impossible to come south korean border to korea , and so ironically , i took the border to china .
where do i come from ?
there &apos;s a problem with community .
we stumbled in the gowanus canal and  UNK  .
i wrote down to the dictionary in english dictionary , and he would give you a situation where the man went to  UNK  , and my brother and my two and 30 years had to pay for all of this .
you have to get access to the clinic , and it &apos;s very expensive , and that means that nobody has ever tested this before .
some other heroes can sympathize , but imagine a vision of the future ; he can see the things behind the cloud .
i don &apos;t know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day , the whole wall is surrounded and there &apos;s a few more answers to newcomers .
you &apos;re going to agree that way .
i was  UNK  , a stranger stranger .
and she said that in the first time , when she first saw that the heart was there , it was nine years ago .
i &apos;m going to show you some of the lessons that i &apos;ve been working with a model for a clinical study , because unlike a  UNK  , poet dutch poet , it &apos;s only talked about it .
sounds crazy , right ?
and i thought , i was separated from a very long period of my family .
they take these pictures and they &apos;re all mixed up , and they take them out of the loop .
now , i &apos;m a bit uncomfortable in this room because i don &apos;t wear this dress .
when i was three , my brother was born , and i was really excited about my family .
at night , cold night .
at the same time , the same thing happens in the table , because in the top left-hand side , you can see the dim at the bottom , and then you &apos;ll see it on the bottom , and then it explodes .
but what makes me sad is that even if it &apos;s true , even though they &apos;re not as a normal , but it &apos;s just one thing that &apos;s remarkable , and it &apos;s extraordinary .
thank you .
this number is twice as much of the atlantic distribution of slavery .
there &apos;s a lot of water in water .
thank you very much . thank you .
in school , we &apos;ve spent a lot of time to learn a lot of time learning , but we never had a lot of the world to know that any other knew about the united states and the japanese and japan .
i even had identity .
this is the reason why .
and during that period , we don &apos;t have the equipment for the equipment or a half thousand dollars .
i can feel like the people from the  UNK  from the waist down , but still in the dark , i can &apos;t see anything else .
and even visited them , he wrote how powerful and powerful and what we did .
and the people here are working on advertising warriors .
there are only one thing in the world , only one in common : there is only one thing that doesn &apos;t have a nickel .
i had a sign that was a widower of a poor man who was clinging to a rickshaw invasion of harassment , &quot; and this is the subject . &quot;
the force became increasingly scarce , and everything else around me around the corner , except for the frozen river , the river , the river .
we &apos;re trying to get them to understand the benefits of the individual , and the , to to learn from these amazing animals and what they do with nature .
there was one question that they had to deal with the idea of george washington , their leaders .
and we need to measure the final stages , and we want to know that the only way to fix it is that when we have access to answering the uncertainty of the problem .
now that &apos;s a business of corporate enterprise , this company , and you &apos;re going to face with your face in your kitchen , or a cafe , help you put your resources into your own passion .
but they do all these things that are probably going to be rejected .
but for the first time , one of my favorite subjects were the wisdom of his intellect and humor , and his  UNK  looks like a boy .
in order to change the world , we will be concerned about our scientists and engineers .
when the cameraman came back , i was very uncomfortable with my male lions .
but lions are very clever .
we can deal with the ozone problem .
even though i &apos;m lucky enough to be in north korea , and my lot of people don &apos;t even applaud this .
we don &apos;t have to overlook our neighbors , so even if we live in a public space , in fact , there &apos;s a lot of people in the neighborhood .
it &apos;s also a lot of historical implications .
he swore screaming .
we are westerners  UNK  ,  UNK  and  UNK  , and we were able to communicate with two things : two cars , the brother .
so this means that people can be able to -- you can use phone call cell phone calls for your phone and you do it , and you can do this test , a few of them later on the phone , and then they &apos;re able to check their results on their own .
and of course , you can say , &quot; the dependencies and  UNK  , &quot; why aren &apos;t the space between time ? &quot;
so , the day that day , i took a facebook page on facebook page and ask a few gasps friends , and i had many many answers to the next day , and they said , &quot; i &apos;m going to help .
mastery , progress and changing the possibility that we want to be compared to other people .
my father was using my head at his chest , listening to the news .
&quot; before i die , i want to be completely authentic . &quot;
we tried to figure out what the relationship with the  UNK  and the  UNK  .
&quot; before before die , the dead tree . &quot;
i &apos;ll tell you a secret .
over 80 percent of men are women , and domestic violence , in relation to a relationship between intimacy , and in the middle of the family , this is the one that we don &apos;t want to see , or worst , and this is one of the reasons why women domestic violence is one of the causes of violence .
and even though they were eaten , but the international international corporation , they were released .
and do you do another project ?
so i was always living in fear , and i feared my identity was going to be found out , and i was being invited to go to north korea .
but what if the patient could do this at home ?
so we took a lot of samples on this on a lot of tests .
we got there , and i went to see a bit about it .
the whole process is very time-consuming .
he doesn &apos;t want to look like the other babies , and he &apos;s actually not interested in me .
the winter is uncomfortable , but summer summer .
we have these  UNK  machines in our labs .
this is what happens in the camera in the cameras , sometimes with a joystick and time lapse , and we can fix it .
whether or not there are differences between us , and all of us have their own talents by saying , &quot; normal , &quot; and it &apos;s just obeying the potential .
and the result is , because when we &apos;re closer at the end of the speed of light , we have some strange things , and we might be thrilled to see these images .
compared to other people in the united states , i lived in food deserts , maryland , los angeles , maryland ,  UNK   UNK  , and we don &apos;t have to pay for the ticket to receive the services .
well , it &apos;s really large , but it &apos;s going to be two things three to do three things : it &apos;s going to be more effective , the power of the  UNK  .
it allows us to be alone .
a couple of years ago , i saw this interesting article on a magazine article .
and if these aren &apos;t clean up , clean needles , we can &apos;t fix it , and they have to dry , and they have to dry out .
and i was so lucky , because he invented the scholarship school , and this was the best school in kenya , and i was very excited about this .
how can we go from the side of the ladder to move more from the side of the ladder at the end of the time ?
and the trick here is using simple ,  UNK  sentences , and there is a little bit of a lack of ignorance , if you don &apos;t understand a sense of courage , and then there &apos;s something that leads to our senses , and then gives you a deeper understanding of what we &apos;re talking about .
otherwise they won &apos;t talk to you .
he had a  UNK  memory .
by his uncle , he &apos;s going to continue to take his own brother , and he  UNK  on his job .
and of course , it &apos;s perfectly fine in africa .
and so , the government contract has given us a freeway for cooling meters , we were able to do the material testing .
torture is going to happen to your daughters , in your sister , your best friend .
they came back , and they went back , and then they went back and then the next day , and then the next day they would come and say , &quot; this thing is not here , he &apos;s sitting there .
the  UNK  president of the jury .
in fact , for the sake of the daughter , they tend to be  UNK  and tenacious , but in a society of afghanistan , we have to support male support .
and two weeks later , i got 1,300 150 volunteers , and they would like to add to our sledges .
and then he explained to me that the emotional beauty of my own was was dangerous and dangerous to me , and these workers are also for me .
you want to ask yourself , &quot; why are you  UNK  ? &quot;
&quot; i &apos;m not to help you , &quot; he replied .
and i &apos;m concerned about how these changes in the united states , the next generation .
and the other thing that &apos;s going to ask doug is that sounds ominous sounds like this -- oh , it &apos;s just blown up in a minute .
can you imagine a 400 million people energized , and how many of them and intelligence ?
and of course , it &apos;s certainly resolved , but we have a solution .
but now you know how many people have president ?
and the parents meant that what i call &quot; my child to do with my kids , &quot; i love you . &quot;
we &apos;re afraid , but we still need to go to school .
so they were dancing . they kill animals .
we have a number of 70 million people on the planet , seven million people on the planet .
prices are very low , and we also know how to do it .
and in particular , one of these lady , a woman lady , a few young lady , a little baby , a little baby , a little baby baby , and my son got a picture of my wife , my grandmother , my daughter , my daughter , and my daughter , my daughter , the daughter my daughter , the
they are the way that we spend most of the time that we spend most of time , and years later , to think about how much food we &apos;ve changed , and how our entire changes in bodies change .
behind me behind my father &apos;s  UNK  , the cow in nairobi , which is a national park .
but i had to do what i had to do , because my self had asked me to do it .
i got a chance to fly on ted , which was my first time .
and as a journey , we were walking down on the road , and she suddenly stopped , and she pointed to a red oval  UNK  , and she was very keen on her journey .
a dollar ninety-nine dollars can give you 75 pounds of dollars .
and you can see the trajectory of the bottom is a  UNK  .
now , when yochai has a fantastic expertise and brilliant professionalism and professional skills to do something coherent , and it &apos;s possible to say .
you &apos;ve tried it again , right ? but -- you know , i &apos;ve got a haven &apos;t tried , but i stopped , because i stopped , because i hated it .
it &apos;s just taken out hundreds of thousands of local people at the time .
and i found a turn on a switch on the light bulb .
all of these leaks were taken from the tsunami , and in the grass , it floods in the dump , and sometimes it would be wiped out all over the course of the waste , and all of these things were going on , and this was a big part of the project .
she explained to me when i was five years old , and she stood on the screen .
he &apos;s got a deep tan .
and if they multiply them , they eat them .
you can read this book , called &quot; deadly aid , &quot; dan ariely is a  UNK  , a  UNK  woman .
i don &apos;t know .
so these are far more recent than ever is a moment , or a dramatic journey .
so with science , you &apos;ve got to be careful with you and raise the value of your own little sins , the value content , which is to share the content of the audience , and then you &apos;re passionate about the amazing work that you &apos;re working on , and it &apos;s going to be fascinating : it &apos;s understandable .
maybe it &apos;s happening .
if you can &apos;t wait , you don &apos;t eat them , because they &apos;re extremely poor , they don &apos;t have to be toilets .
this is my legacy . this is what i &apos;ve been trying to do .
because i &apos;m photographing the same picture of every year , we look at the end of this story , the daughter has gone to her life , and i look at her eyes and see how she responds to everything .
now , as you know , dr.  UNK  , science scientists became an art collector , and i realized that we have a tremendous amount of data on a vast scale , not just a scientific computation , and it &apos;s a new kind of computational computational  UNK  code , and this is a new kind of computational  UNK  code , and it &apos;s one of the  UNK  between them .
these pictures are very mild .
when i was a kid , i think my country was the best in the world , and i learned to read a song called &quot;  UNK  fairy tales . &quot;
one of my story has happened to me when i  UNK  my new york city of my new york city , and my wife took a picture of my daughter &apos;s birthday , and we were standing on january avenue and august 5 .
you can &apos;t imagine how amazing and how it might be affected by people .
we were meeting with clients and restaurants .
can we see the software ?
i hope that wouldn &apos;t be surprising .
and when i saw people around me , this makes me quite a bit of shame . this is what i &apos;ve done , and people ask me , &quot;  UNK  , are you not people to steal your food ? &quot;
and if they were compelled to liberate their freedom , they opened their house .
these images are about issues , it &apos;s about people who are really about the right people , and i deserve to do the same rights , dignity and respect .
now , the next generation of entrepreneurs have always been abused .
when i was six years old , the taliban lived in afghanistan , afghanistan went to school .
so where do you have a 86 percent ?
and i thought we were  UNK  ourselves in africa , but when i knew about what happened in the united states , the soviet union , was responding to them , and after that , i was very proud of the project .
UNK  are travelers , and they are our family and our livestock , but they are frustrated with the same frustration .
and that &apos;s why all the white people in africa are called &quot;  UNK  , &quot; and the boss .
thank you very much .
the next question that people ask me is , &quot; am i grew up as a model ? &quot;
we have to learn how to get them to their opinions .
it &apos;s a tragic fact , that it &apos;s going to be rebuilt until the first order to keep it alive .
that &apos;s gold gold .
i knew that for the first time when i knew that word &quot; contagious , &quot; and i knew that &quot; i know what i &apos;m right now .
and it &apos;s our natural crap .
yes , they are almost almost as small as almost as possible , but that &apos;s a small part of the work .
how can we intervene in these adaptations , but what is the common denominator ?
so today , for me , it makes me feel honest .
so i found a old  UNK  counter , a  UNK  . it &apos;s a little device that &apos;s found out of the motorcycles that you have to paint a motorcycle .
now , she went to new york to see new york , because she decided to go to new york city .
the first principle of aid is to respect .
so i thought , &quot; wow ! this is my responsibility , and i have to stop it , so i want to do something . &quot;
pawan sinha for me , i am a woman and a woman who had never been there before .
many of them are coming out of the road , and they go to the
UNK  hotels , food ,  UNK  .
but at the same time , i was so happy to honor the honor , and i was young , and i was younger , not going to work for 10 , 20 or 30 years ago , because it might be so much more likely to be done , because it might be so much more likely to be done , because i &apos;m not going to have the jobs to pay for college tuition , and that &apos;s what &apos;s so important .
but that &apos;s the self .
in fact , there are more than 5,000 more oiled warheads , and his sovereignty , and the largest economy in the world , and the roman coalition and  UNK  .
and one of the most precious things we have had , and one time , is a connection between the other person .
and this is just a good example of a few slides of diana  UNK  , and it tells us how special structure is  UNK  , and even narrowing it on the skyline of the skyline , it &apos;s inspired by the skyline of the skyline .
what can you do ? what can you do ?
i started to realize that the lions were scared of the ice .
no artistic director , no manual , no  UNK  , no opportunity .
our scientists and engineers are going to solve the biggest challenges that we face , and from the environment to the environment -- and if we don &apos;t understand , they don &apos;t understand what they &apos;re doing , and i believe we don &apos;t have a responsibility to engage with them .
it &apos;s a grassroots advocate of entrepreneurship . you celebrate them .
in china , i was as a young girl as a young girl .
on the other hand , i was a woman named  UNK  .
otherwise , a little baby &apos;s face won &apos;t look like her face   and it &apos;s gone .
rives : they didn &apos;t create this title . i mean , i mean , i mean , i thought , this was a newspaper , but it was a conference .
and i thought i fell in love crazy , and i don &apos;t know what i &apos;ve already done , and i &apos;ve labeled a piece of flexible control of your body , the heart of your body and the economy .
and i ended up opening up a day and go back to the coast of michigan that never missed home .
for the last 28 years , i &apos;ve been photographing in the national culture of sierra leone across the continent over siberia , and in 2009 , i was very privileged to be privileged to be independent of independent diplomat in vancouver .
some people don &apos;t even know that they are imprisoned in their daily lives as a 24-hour hour , because they are born with these days .
i don &apos;t know exactly how to go .
we were on the planet , and i began to really understand what was really evident , although i knew all the time in the world , but completely unaware of it .
and in fact , these are very strong in these three men who are probably identical to tuberculosis and tuberculosis .
but it &apos;s half about half , but that &apos;s only half the fact that we never forget before the lens , and i &apos;ll never say , &quot; i don &apos;t have to be safe . &quot;
there was a female manager counselor .
in korea , it was more difficult than my imagination .
and i &apos;d like to read this as a finish line , and i got a letter , and from my name , six months later , i was coming home from japan .
think about death as you can empathize with your life .
sensing function can break things , especially in the  UNK  heating .
i was just walked out of the ivy  UNK  , and in those days , i had the client clients , and i helped this guy , and i was this guy , and i was able to sell this guy , and he hired him to sell him , and then the fishermen came to me . and then the fishermen came to me and said , &quot; you &apos;re going to sell it to mosquitos ? &quot;
UNK  flips himself in his own way , and his own principles of his own writings , he learns from pleasure , like birdsong , like tying his clothes , and he &apos;s carrying a washing machine that he touches everything .
i can &apos;t give them money . i can &apos;t give them anything .
you &apos;re going to read it out .
so i wanted us to become the environmental issues of the environmental revolution .
you know , the camera is just a totally stranger stranger , and unusual .
we &apos;re going to be worried about the taliban .
there was a serious famine happening in the mid- &apos; 90s .
i remember , they were full of  UNK  , and there were lots of people who were working in the  UNK  72 hours .
like this slide is not just boring boring , but it &apos;s too much dependent on the language of our brains .
and then at the end of the senate , the president won &apos;t had no sign .
i grew up there , where i am .
we have volunteers crew to help the entrepreneurial business of local entrepreneurial materials and services . and we found that the wisdom of local communities can create miracles and economic growth , and if you can do it with the culture of the community .
this guy &apos;s got to pickle treaties and knitting .
and i believe that the key to the door is to communicate with communication .
and the conversation starts with a little more birdsong , and it &apos;s all the examples that are symptoms of symptoms .
&quot; before i die in the dead , i &apos;d like in the audience of the millions of people . &quot;
it &apos;s not necessary to go to clinics .
dr. earl  UNK  took pictures of this  UNK  hoop and curious , and it was only one of the only time in this photograph .
and on july , it &apos;s just floating in japan , and we built a branch of  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK  ,  UNK   UNK  .
you know , darwin &apos;s going to come back with kofi annan , and i &apos;ll tell you why .
in the culture of sheep , it &apos;s especially important in the culture , in the places like bertie county , and there &apos;s no air conditioning , so it provides a lot of a common processing system .
the other possible outcomes were possible to look at the end of the disaster , even though the psychiatrists refused to support the damages ; she agreed to victims and victims and women who were beaten to the family , and they were given to the woman who put their mothers through their own .
he came in , and he came up with the phone , and the voice warned him if he would send her daughters to school , and it will happen .
and a lot of things are often ignored , and the reason why it &apos;s happening is happening in humans , and it &apos;s in kenya with thousands of people who are using probiotics to kill the animals that are killing them to animals , and they become the next one .
so the last question is , &quot; what is the model ? &quot;
as you can imagine , the town must be  UNK  .
and he died , and it &apos;s very well , because most of the news is getting it to him .
this is the first time in the ted stage , and so i think it &apos;s so lucky today .
i &apos;m a storyteller .
you &apos;re going to be fascinated by how kids are affected .
a real school .
and that &apos;s because they want to take their own songs like a cat , and so on .
and the speed , of course , is 30 seconds .
so when i &apos;m going to prepare for this talk , it &apos;s hard to find a sense of balance . it &apos;s hard to be honest if i stand here and say , &quot; look , i &apos;m going to be so rare , &quot; it &apos;s too hard to say , &quot; if it doesn &apos;t make me happy . &quot;
and on june 14th , i went to japanese  UNK  .
and when i look at pictures of some photos , some of them had been a hundred years ago , some of them were trapped in the desert , and i think about a hundred different perspectives , and maybe i could save them all of these photos .
what you see here is the accumulation of the material .
i &apos;d like to meet all the people , the neighbors and my family and my family , and i &apos;m standing here today because you all help me .
in 2009 , i lost one of my people .
yes .
the kids are being deserted to be used in the boat working on the boat , working in the operating room , they don &apos;t even swim .
and that was the first time i had to live in my country .
and it &apos;s a reminder that reminds us that reminding us , some of us , some of us , some of them , some of us , some  UNK  , some of us , some of the people who are there .
but a lot of us don &apos;t think .
and when they walked out of the rescue .
and a few of these experiences have been connected with some of these things , to connect with something more banal , like giving back to them , not only to be able to make a high-quality model , and the perfect skin .
could anyone invent this technology ? at universities ?
in fact , i did it for 10 years .
and recently , if you look at the news stories of kenya -- the founders of the council of kenya -- who are being bent by kindness and kindness .
the public realm can be better about what &apos;s really important for us to share with our own communities , and for our community , our fears and our experience are not only helped us to create a better place in our lives .
and i saw their own , and my father , as though my father , as though my father , as though , as they were , as though , as they were , as though , as they were , and as they were seeing , they were able to see them .
shortly after this time , when i walked around a railway station , i saw a really awful thing to me .
young men in the hot springs , the women , the child , actually , the whole family , the whole family was on top of the hill , and put it on top of a truck , and it would take over 18 minutes and put it on top of a pickup truck .
so i wanted to put a colored line on top of this neighborhood , and this could be shared with food .
it &apos;s about words and words , and i assume that .
i was lucky to be a miracle in my education and my family .
so i wanted to share this with the active and order to create memory .
and then they opened me . it was a miracle .
the new world has a beautiful building in the world , but at the same time , she &apos;s all the most popular cities in the united states .
and one of the words i liked was called &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
so what are we going to focus on a problem ?
it makes him feel secure for him .
he was not only because of my college degree , because in the women , i was the first one , i was the first person to ride him in the streets of kabul .
so as you can see , it &apos;s a solar-powered receiver for solar cells , and it takes a piece of embodied energy , and i call this  UNK  acupuncture .
so , in the last few centuries , the only beauty in our past is not only just only health , but also in relation to the health , the youth , and the quality of the nature that we have to take care of those things ,  UNK   UNK  , rich , the rich traits , the rich traits , the rich traits , the rich traits , the females .
and when the cow came out ,  UNK   UNK  ,  UNK  , came out of  UNK  , and all the iron in the leaves .
and today , i &apos;ve been a proud member of the university of school .
are you not going to keep on ? &quot;
and as soon as it can be expanded .
in march , 2011 , i photography photography ,  UNK   UNK  .
well , because of the engineers i had worked with my colleagues , i &apos;d like to use a cutting-edge science fiction in my mind , and i would like to use a thought of my perspective .
i was scared .
so no matter what the internet is , whether or not for the next generation , for increasing our virtual reality , we &apos;ve got all the data and the details that we &apos;ve borrowed our online , and we hope that we should not cease with the  UNK  interface -- and starting to focus on the other dimensions .
my family was trusted me .
so we put these books on food , and the other people would think we were just going to be shopping .
the most time spent most of the time 500 companies were selling fortune 500 companies , including  UNK  ,  UNK  and the  UNK  .
let me show you why .
and with the contents of bed , there are hoses , and my camera doesn &apos;t work .
we &apos;ll give you a step of what you &apos;re growing up , friends .
what are we doing ? we &apos;re working on these  UNK  . we &apos;re putting them on them .
two of her sons , they were already there , and they were in two different schools .
when i was growing up in a war in a war , at the end of the night , joel hill , watching a football game , with the  UNK  football and the catholic church , with a religious character , a  UNK  , an old lady , &quot; isabel allende ! &quot;
on march 11 , 2011 , as you know , about the rest of the world , i &apos;m looking at the intersection of japan .
this is a accident . it won &apos;t hurt me .
so because of this , ultraviolet ,  UNK  , the name of this frog , the tar sands , the tar sands , the  UNK  will dissipate , and if you contract it , it starts with a little bit of ice cream , starts busting off the cliff .
this is a pretty embarrassing event .
are i korean korean ?
you can &apos;t have any  UNK  , otherwise it &apos;s going to mess the mess .
that &apos;s what i did .
i assure you , right now , some of the people who are listening to be abused or abuse , or you are a perpetrator .
what happened to see him was in a village in the village where it was used for a place called  UNK   UNK  .
i marry my husband as a  UNK  husband , about 20 years old .
but the synchrony should move us .
and what we do is we talk to them , and they discover their interest and interaction .
and what that means is what i call outsourcing the other person as a child .
my hand axes , immediately came up with a little bit of parrot , and he had a  UNK  , and he chewed his sword .
no one deserves no shit .
thank you .
this is me now .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s in the streets .
and it was 78 years old .
i blame them , gave me a leaf blower , and i was able to remove my gardens , and the waiter became a gatekeeper .
that &apos;s what i feel about the students , and what i did with them , and i wanted others to experience that feeling like this .
so throughout the world , every 20 minutes , there &apos;s a new clinical diagnosis of malaria , and this is one of the reasons why we &apos;re not aware of the causes of treatment and treatment .
UNK  took a black line of  UNK  called  UNK   UNK  .
i &apos;m trying to get members of the gang member to the victims of the country .
in west africa , there are no words that are familiar with the  UNK  of  UNK  and  UNK  .
so i &apos;m going to give you a few examples here today .
so scientists and engineers , please talk to us .
i wanted to change this change , and i wanted to change the similarities of these things , because they needed our sympathy . they really needed .
this is what it looks like .
and the stories told me their story .
afghanistan has a different difference .
so there is no doubt about his children , including his daughter , despite the taliban , despite the taliban , even though the risk .
we had these fiscal  UNK  in the last 50 years .
and i think them as a second member of my second .
so with this technology , we can make a camera out of light , and we can able to see the camera coming out there , without seeing the camera of our body , and this camera is challenged by our cameras .
they got their rent title .
so we &apos;re using the steel  UNK  material that we can use small steel ,  UNK  , and we can do this little cubes with asphalt .
150 feet wide , 200 feet wide .
you feel it yourself as though you get yourself .
and those are captured by the hands of the gods , the father and the red and the red .
i want to ask you one thing today .
that was the morning , i was wearing  UNK  .
and they will be drowned .
this is a picture of me in the football team and a magazine .
what are these programs involved in my own group , like , how many of my neighbor ?
nobody knows what we are .
but it takes people to bury it .
and at the same time , i &apos;m thinking about what if you don &apos;t have to go through your health and what you &apos;re looking at home , what you &apos;re looking at home , what are you looking at at your own food system ?
how can you -- -- and i said , &quot; i did something really hard .
in fact , every three american women in the women are the victims of domestic violence or obese , and the report report is killing 1,500 dollars per year .
and we created a vision of thinking and thinking and thinking about what we are growing , and that &apos;s the most important thing .
interestingly , it &apos;s more than people who are killing people who are killing them .
bizarrely , i &apos;ve all been visited .
because it has a lot of noise , and it &apos;s stripped noise , so it &apos;s quiet .
no one &apos;s no window .
we all know about the danger of life , teachers , and the parents .
through his secrets , he highlights the amazing possibility of his life , and he told me that he was starting with four years old , and he &apos;s starting to take a slew of his family at the end of his career , even though he was leaving his homework , even though he was going to be ready for about 20 years of his life .
it &apos;s the entrepreneurs , and they are working hard .
i saw a wheelchair like sewing cars .
despite the lives of korea , not to be married , but i decided .
and only a few years later , we had the first recording recording of the word &quot;  UNK  . &quot;
and to me , this is the most amazing thing that people ask me and agonizing pain , and you can &apos;t understand understand , but only one of our victims , what we are trying to do is really scary .
today , i &apos;d like to talk a little bit suspicious question , and it &apos;s also very annoying .
i &apos;d like to share with you a few people on the wall .
so in the future , in the future , in the blink of video cameras , you can go to the supermarket in your cell phone , you can go to the supermarket , you can &apos;t store the fruit of the fruit .
and instead of that , i was a very busy woman , very poor woman , and i was the only man who could help people overcome their own voyeurism .
and this one of my favorites is that they &apos;re more aggressive than the boys .
and i thought , &quot; what &apos;s really going to be ? &quot;
at the time , one of the things i didn &apos;t want to leave the new york , and i loved the orphanage , but i wanted to raise my soul , so i thought i &apos;d had a chance to do sacrifices , so i agreed , abed took a job with the  UNK  .
in the taliban control the afghanistan in afghanistan , i remember sometimes that the feelings of my life was always afraid of the future .
there was a probability of  UNK  .
it &apos;s not all that anybody can do .
in fact , i &apos;m going to show it cool , and it &apos;s going to show you whether it &apos;s effective .
so it &apos;s going to look at the end of the sign that they think they &apos;re going to be walking around , but in fact , right now , i &apos;m focusing on my own beds .
every week , we were all using armored scanning equipment , and people were building these photos for them .
&quot; on the hunger of hunger and starved of prison . &quot;
when i was in cambridge , there was a week in cambridge , and i forgot to buy a store and they gave me a dress .
vishna , when i met him , he was working in the course of a 14 years , and at the end of the accident accident , at the end of the accident , at the end of the accident bombings , they said , &quot; sophia  UNK  . &quot;
every year , billions of years ago , in turkey , they come back to the north korea , where they were tortured , or tortured .
don &apos;t say i &apos;m a normal child .
i &apos;m tired of these .
but we didn &apos;t ask them , and they said , &quot; stop us . &quot;
now i &apos;m going to show you a new piece of technology that called  UNK   UNK  , which is a technology that allows us to capture light .
and the  UNK  said , &quot; oh , that &apos;s why we &apos;re not there . &quot;
i &apos;m not a psychiatrist , dissidents , but not an expert on domestic violence .
i just tried to see myself in six seconds .
and i was dr. dr. robicsek , and i tried to do this kind of  UNK  style that had made false papers .
and five days later , the first 10 fingers in my underwear , i would wear my mom and my mother .
my new school are now joined with me and help me raise funding .
and all of a sudden , i seem to be able to say that any country in my country .
i &apos;ll tell you what you heard about today .
you know , when you get a little extra fish , it &apos;s got a ton of fish .
i think people are so easy to dismiss what the chances are being abused , and forgetting what is really important .
and i thought , &quot; cool . &quot;
as you can see , this river is somewhere in certain places , and it starts to grow organically to china .
and i swam down on the road , and a bus on the driveway asked him to be very disappointed , and he took a very mild foot on the face of my face .
and i also wanted to make a simple piece of  UNK   UNK  and moss  UNK  to see how the art museum compares to explore the art of modern art is to learn how to save the evil of so-called  UNK  , the so-called &quot; deadliest  UNK  &quot;  UNK  &quot; in order to save the skin .
what happened ?
and the idea is that what we &apos;ve been hearing about is a lot of compassion .
the first question is , how do you become a model ?
but it &apos;s important to speak about the geopolitics of the political centers of politics , and all politicians agree , and they need to try to control the control .
i &apos;m a very victims of a victim , and because of my domestic violence and development model .
and when he came out , he had to go to the  UNK  front of the tsunami .
over 500 volunteers , volunteers sold us from the family family , and they took all of these photos and all of them .
abuse can only live in silence .
one day , my worst nightmares failed , and i was punished by the police and the police officer .
even though we are all  UNK  , but our hearts have become very different , because of the endangered species .
and a tree could be a thousand , a few of them .
so what i wanted to do is i wanted to make this project .
now , the light goes into the bottle , is the bullet , the bullet , and it expands .
but i didn &apos;t read it from 14 years .
these girls are lucky .
and you should look at these garbage -- you -- and you should look at how many piles of our show of the african african people .
but now , 50 years later , we &apos;re going to fast-forward a few times more than one millionth of a second , or a second , or two million seconds , and that &apos;s a picture of seconds .
i used to see that there &apos;s only one person i &apos;ve had this tragedy .
the taliban came up ! &quot; and the father is calling .
i always say , &quot; i &apos;m discovered , &quot; but it doesn &apos;t mean anything .
&quot; if you &apos;re going to kill me , &quot; now you can kill me , &quot; he said , &quot; but i &apos;m not going to give the your mind for the future of my daughter . &quot;
first of all , i want to give you a sense of understanding about the models of models .
i thought it was only one of the people that i would die in my world , but it was a very common thing .
so over the last few years , i &apos;m trying to do this with different ways , using these different ways , to create a tool that connects with somebody in the public space to connect with a neighbor .
reality and history has given the title of paleoanthropology .
and the recent study shows that in the region that don &apos;t have any time in the region , the menstrual cycle of the menstrual cycle of fertility , 78 percent of the time .
&quot; how can somebody willing to compete with this man ? &quot;
why ? because they looked at the curve on top of the population , and if you go on this rate of people around the world , the new york will go to the top of the four percent of their hatchlings .
and in 1971 to 1977 , 1977 , i look very young , but i was older -- i was in istanbul , i was in zambia , kenya , ivory coast , maryland , maryland , maryland , maryland .
in fact , my student  UNK  , i had to mention him , because he made a fantastic amazing counsel today , and now he proved to be able to bring it on a mobile phone online , so now we &apos;re closer to the 99 percent of the right now .
i don &apos;t want to leave washington d.c. to washington .
by the way , if you go to the clinic , this costs , 300 dollars .
we &apos;ve tested hundreds of thousands of government , and we also look at our results , and they decide , &quot; this is interesting , we should be doing that . &quot;
we didn &apos;t know that our journey was going to change our lives .
the school was in a room , and we had a hundred foot soldiers in a small room .
he was afraid of his panic , and he was tortured , because he was punished by himself , and he was working with the same way that he was younger than he did .
the garden is very beautiful .
ah , he &apos;s ready .
we also have opportunities to find the discovery of the disease in the early days .
so we took the swiss seeds of  UNK  in southern zambia , a  UNK  valley , a  UNK  valley . we teach them to  UNK  livestock and italy and eagles and so on .
and the second thing that you can learn is that when the u.s. government advertised law , it &apos;s just a temporary operation -- it will continue to be  UNK  .
and the two words came from  UNK  , the word &quot; dad . &quot;
but if we don &apos;t change the slope of soil , we never will do that .
so my team and my team , we los angeles , and we started to grow our food forests ,  UNK  and  UNK  the vegetables .
and you can see that the same thing happens in the background , the background is a tomato sauce and the wall .
and we forget about that day that day after that day , forgetting that she was a 14-year-old on her 16th birthday .
and even though they learn to mandarin chinese , finds a job , and it &apos;s going to be able to
we can monitor the data on the objective data .
it has a long time range resolution , and it can be in the air speed of light .
thank you .
somebody reminded me the first time , so the police test my  UNK  , and asked me a lot of questions .
how can we express ourselves in the  UNK  of our  UNK  ,  UNK  our communities ?
i did a lot of seven feet tall , but free stuff is something that i &apos;m in real life , and this is what we don &apos;t want to talk about .
and when we do , we know who we are .
this is a satellite map , and it &apos;s taken to the north korea and the  UNK  .
one is going to put a hole in the car .
charles  UNK  charles darwin on the journey through the journey through the atlantic coast of the atlantic ocean , and discovered that in turkey , he said , &quot; these  UNK   UNK   UNK  are always  UNK  . &quot;
he had just gotten a lot of fun .
but some interesting things are happening .
they know that these images are going to be seen .
otherwise , the picture from her lungs , she &apos;s not allowed to fix it , and so we had to put all of the pieces together into a good photo , and then we made this photograph .
and the problem was that when we hear about a lot of words , when we hear a lot about the global news , i was told that i was punished by saying that i was punished by the end of the industry that i would be punished .
so my great dream is : when i grow up , became a graphic engineer and a pilot .
when we were at the end of the first industrial revolution -- we applied to fuel fossil fuels , industrial manufacturing -- but we suddenly realized that this is sustainable .
we collaborated with pvc  UNK  , and we &apos;d like to track the data collection over the world to get all of the data over the world .
i was blown away . these students were able to look at the brains of their brains , and their  UNK  analyses , and they didn &apos;t do it again .
it &apos;s not just because it sounds good .
and i realized that that was a moment in my life .
he was afraid of the water .
it has  UNK  2.0 square kilometers .
look at how we can make a difference in africa .
think about some examples of stories , stories , the analogies . it &apos;s all about you &apos;re going to talk about us .
it could be a sub that could save a few hours .
we had a vacation trip on the bus bus , a couple of times , almost all of them .
and every one of them felt tired of it , actually , because the argument went into three weeks .
she retired two years ago , and it took me my home into a school , the girls and the women in the community .
and i also want to tell you that i &apos;ve been lucky enough to change the image of 10 seconds in your mind .
it &apos;s not saying that mothers are very important for our success .
and whenever i was feeling a little bit of my life , i had a kind of yo-yo senior gang team .
so i broke my silence .
i &apos;m working on computer computers , and i wanted to be careful with the  UNK  tasks , and i was outraged in my hands , and my hands frustrated with trembling my hands , and i was gasping for my neck , and i slipped off my neck , and he yanked my neck on the back of my head on the wall .
now , if there are a lady that i don &apos;t have horror , i don &apos;t have to be told to tell me now , but i &apos;ll immediately know that there will be on the top .
i &apos;m not a citizen .
and yet , it &apos;s a secret to teach .
in fact , they are actually randomly chosen by random members .
and in order to make my own freedom to freedom freedom , i was able to be allowed to be able to be successful at home , and during the course of the year , and it wasn &apos;t until the 14th of the .
there &apos;s no refrigeration .
i want to introduce you to my two brothers .
but of course , because of the combination of tissue and the strength , it &apos;s really hard , and so we call a scientist to actually measure the  UNK  imaging , which is a new model for solving the next generation of health care .
and then i &apos;m going to show you how powerpoint slides , don &apos;t use a stick .
and especially if you &apos;re riding on a bike , with the cars , it &apos;s not bad .
UNK  , okay , that &apos;s amazing .
i looked at the dinner of a peanut , the two weeks , a couple of kids , right ?
what &apos;s going to happen ?
aside from the opposite of heartbreak , depressing and  UNK  and  UNK  and  UNK  , one of the things that he is  UNK  , he doesn &apos;t see a world of horror .
for me , afghanistan is a possibility of hope and infinitely infinite possibility , and every single day reminder that it &apos;s going to remind me .
in order to change the community , you have to change the soil .
i wanted us to give us some people of those slaves .
you see , really , fix it .
it should be the first principle of aid .
and you &apos;ll be able to jump .
it &apos;s becoming a force for your choice .
the air currents , it &apos;s hard to breathe .
first of all , why did they leave us with this kind of thing ?
we secretly the next one in washington next to washington .
i was growing up in a decade of the war .
it was kind of an awakening place to be a place where it was banal , and the hopes of hope and the dreams of my life , as i was struggling with some of my career .
and i realized that if i don &apos;t rebel , i had a man who dared to kill me .
but the second answer is , &quot; what would i say to ask the question is , &quot; why ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , of course , i &apos;m not sure people are going to steal it .
in fact , the conclusion from this experiment was that , if we were at the end of the end of our summer , we had the motors to melt -- we had to put this machine to the road , and we would  UNK  every day of life on the four days , and of course , a lot of money .
but when i go back to afghanistan , afghanistan , and they support their parents , and i saw the future , and i saw the future .
this is the only way we &apos;re the only ones .
customers are passionate about their own welfare .
and that leads to the light enclosure .
now , we &apos;re going to ask , why not ?
and your colleagues , your coworkers , your coworkers , your friends and your financiers .
UNK  first outing , i was in my wedding interview .
it &apos;s a little uncomfortable uncomfortable , and the good news is that i don &apos;t want to wear them .
i used to hate lions , but now , that &apos;s because my invention had saved my father &apos;s lions and lions .
kenya grows , and six six of them , 6 six of them .
and nepal was nepal and nepal .
&quot; ah , i &apos;ll use it . &quot; am i going to help you ? &quot;
less than a month ago , he and his daughter moved on the streets of school , where they were silenced .
what &apos;s your next step ?
this is one of them in one of the six people in northern nairobi .
and if we can make this material repair , you have a solution .
my first answer is : &quot; i don &apos;t know , because they don &apos;t disturb me . &quot;
how can we be able to share a better understanding of our perspectives on our own minds and better and understand better life ?
most of the eventually came back to the back of this , and this is very important .
the lights on the lamps , as you can see here , these are  UNK  .
the reality is , when you graduate school , you &apos;ve got a job , and you can &apos;t pick up another thing , so you say , if you want to be the president of the united states , you say , you have a stake in your life , you know , you &apos;re going to laugh at you .
this is after 90,000 months after 9 / 11 months , i was trying to explain why 9 / 11 was going to be trying to make the five senses .
so we &apos;ve got to do -- shut up .
we tend to portray victims victims , the women of  UNK  , and the women in the news .
now , the video is .
&quot; why are you  UNK  ? &quot;
what was the smartest thing to do was , i was convinced that i was a believer in my mind .
in the taliban control room to go to school , there was only hundreds of years -- please don &apos;t forget , it was illegal .
you have the capacity to prevent domestic violence , you need to be  UNK  .
for him , kids don &apos;t have a higher risk of education .
the important thing is passion .
but the hardest part is to inspire the dictatorship of journalism and gender , because my own self is the biggest  UNK  .
and that &apos;s what i want .
i remember one day , a mother and my daughter at night at night , when i was looking at them , and when i came out of them , they were very expected .
it &apos;s weird .
and around the globe , to increase the boundaries , we have some of the most basic needs , right ?
and what we did is , we have to negotiate with clients , and we need to create a systematic social infrastructure that we have .
but today , afghanistan has given more than 300 million .
and he pointed out on the ground , and it turned out to say , &quot; here &apos;s the path . go ! &quot;
the dance is very similar to the mechanics of the mechanics .
jill sobule and julia sweeney : you know , you know , you &apos;ll know .
i visited this village in india , and in chile , florida , the slave trade .
no .
these people don &apos;t freak out , and they wanted to abandon them , and this woman who lived in the middle of the local zoning , so that they were working on the end of the  UNK  , but now they were able to give them freedom .
so in the morning , gave me mr.  UNK  at the end of the tower , and he put it in a hand , and said , &quot; can we can &apos;t imagine -- can you imagine a city without a new war ? &quot;
and so this is where we go to the  UNK  , but i &apos;m going to spend almost all of the  UNK  of the
i &apos;d like to try to take a look at what &apos;s called a &quot;  UNK  corruption , &quot; which is a senior police officer in the streets on the streets of kabul , and they don &apos;t ask them to be a bribe , but give them credit for the  UNK  of the police , and they want to give them a new government .
so we &apos;re going to hit the wall , they &apos;re going to hit the wall , because the light coming out of these ambient will come back into the hidden environment , and you will continue to look back at the door , and the details are going to return to the camera , but the most interesting thing is that they will be able to get back to the camera .
i don &apos;t know that he was beating me .
who cares about him , if he had a silly version of this stupid version of the united states , as a frenchman ?
he was on the back of the  UNK  , and the good news , and the good at the time and the family had already been enjoying , and what was a place where they were able to put themselves into a living .
there &apos;s no comparison .
when we &apos;re at the end of the back , we &apos;ll give you a answer like this .
what is the diagram of light ?
and unlike , like this , it needs to be specialized .
thank you .
okay , thank you .
the  UNK   UNK  , one of the greatest breakthroughs in the history of a few years ago , died by 94 .
so the tar sands is now in the  UNK  .
wars and the life of the war and how to create this kind of  UNK  style and fit together as a soldier with the soldiers for the soldiers , for example , as a tribute to fashion , and i added a local jumble of flavor for a new kind of traditional dress .
so , let &apos;s start with this slide , and the first step we &apos;re going to start  UNK   UNK  .
and then , at that time , they took over the course of these pictures , and of course , depending on testosterone .
and a few weeks later , all volunteers and people were able to find something like that .
so i had to find a problem-solving solution .
the value of slavery today is about the value of slavery today , but the value of value is value .
and it means &quot; is a politician of politicians . &quot;
because my family didn &apos;t mention chinese , so i had to help them help in china , into mainland southeast asia .
i couldn &apos;t give them anything directly .
thank you .
so in the sound , we can do it in the middle position , and as you can see , it &apos;s an accident that can be affected by itself , and it affects us .
even a few months months .
he was really willing to know my family , my childhood , my wish , and my dream .
and so , the conclusion is that we created a material that uses gamma rays , effectively  UNK  the amount of times , and it &apos;s a lot more expensive fixes .
a year ago , i was a big lump of a big lump of a boy in iraq , and i often look at flying airplanes and tell myself : &quot; one day , i &apos;ll be in there .
i use my black  UNK  in  UNK  , and i &apos;m holding a brown cap of  UNK  , and i &apos;m going to sail with the river banks of the river .
and there &apos;s a hole behind the wall , and we &apos;re going to
because i had to worry about what i look like .
they &apos;re  UNK  birds .
so i interacted with a great depression , a man who had married three children .
so if you go to light here , there &apos;s light here -- like beautiful brown says , &quot; cameron , i want to take a walk on a dive , and then it falls over and over and over and over and over and over , over and over and over and over and over and over , over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again , it takes over three seconds , and then it goes back to the rest of your mind
and i &apos;m going to end up with the crazy story of the crazy word &quot;  UNK  &quot; silent .
and there are  UNK  in the world .
this is  UNK  , and as part of china and north america .
this was my first visit to afghanistan .
one of them is one of the founders .
who draw your favorite tedtalks ?
so my next invention was a  UNK  invention , and i wanted to do a  UNK  fence -- and electricity ?
my friend came with me .
and the reason for this cause and the reason for this is a foreigner called  UNK  .
that &apos;s a central park .
so we can create a community in this community , where we have extracted from the background backgrounds and bars in the middle class , and we can give you a recipe for your doctor , and we &apos;re going to say , &quot; what do you need ? &quot; what do you need ? &quot;
all of us , we believe that we are carrying our animals and our home , and then the bed nets , and that &apos;s why we value them .
you have to tell them what they &apos;re like .
this is south carolina .
and the third phase transition in domestic violence is to start responding to violence .
start with a little bit , and then more and more and more , then i won &apos;t show you .
i mean , i &apos;m programming for a math app for each of these maths , which is that we &apos;re dealing with management and pioneers .
and as soon as i started writing a new life , i got a very call phone .
because it didn &apos;t happen .
the worst news is that i &apos;m going to draw the water from the bottom line , because i &apos;m smiling , because i &apos;m smiling , so i &apos;m smiling , so you can &apos;t do that .
after a year later , we went back to new york city , so we decided to take a picture of this again .
because the military couldn &apos;t keep the natural resources .
now , of course , it &apos;s very boring , a basketball game .
